A comet came within miles of the Earth, it almost obliterated the moon.
Doctor, we have a medical emergency, and we need you at the emergency room now.
"It infuriates me, and I don't know why."
But how can you be sure?
If not true, it is very ingenious.
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
What do you make of that?
Sorry, the test period expired.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
Here, let me show you around.
"Luckily, the dagger couldn't penetrate the bullet proof vest."
Do you notice the flickering of the neon lights?
He who laughs last, laughs longest.
Do you like fruit?
The combination of trumpets, violins and a drum set is quite unusual.
Do you know if Dylan is going to go with us?
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
What are we going to do?
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
Rich here, poor hereafter.
"There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here."
A list of names is carved around the base.
"Ma'am, we are able to upgrade your seat for free."
"Don't knock on death's door, ring the doorbell and run."
Let the buyer beware.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
She put the amplifier on mute until they calmed down.
The stairs creaked under his weight as he climbed to the darkened upper floor.
The global positioning system works with triangulation.
Would the Right Honorable Lady opposite please clarify the concerns from her constituency?
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness.
Flax makes a fine brand of paper.
I am not surprised.
"Don't be a pessimist!"
Many hands make light work.
But what of it?
You should take your time in finding a good doctor.
He restarted his efforts for the twentieth time.
Every one knows best where the shoe pinches him
Uncanny clowns were emplaced in the labyrinth.
The news was chilling, to say the least.
To forget his fear of flying, he imagined how the stewardess would look like in a bikini.
None of what the old man was saying made much sense to the boy.
He wandered for a while, keeping the date palms of the oasis within sight.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
I had a dream, and I met with a king.
but nowhere could he find his new companion.
"And she already has her treasure: it's you."
In those days, very few of the people had any idea about astronomy.
You have enough gold to buy many sheep and many camels.
When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
The boy picked up his pouch and put it with his other things.
"""This is the first phase of the job,"" he said."
"""You would have to have been born an Arab to understand,"" he answered."
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
I found these one day in the fields.
"""He should have decided to become a shepherd,"" the boy said."
Everyone seemed very excited.
"""I want to tell you a story about dreams,"" said the alchemist."
"""I didn't know shepherds knew how to read,"" said a girl's voice behind him."
It was a bundle of money.
People say strange things, the boy thought.
It was as if it quivered, but really this was the telescope vibrating.
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
What does it all mean?
What else am I to do?
Something deep beneath the earth shifted, sending vibrations strong enough to register on earthquake detection mechanisms hundreds of miles away.
What have I done?
Did you know that Nikola was going to join us?
How do you mean?
And what is that?
"""See,"" said Sarah, ""that is my brother."""
But what is the use of talking?
How do you know?
What does she say?
I do like movies, but I prefer cartoons.
I really like the instrumental part, but the vocals are rude.
"Okay, that's not it."
When will the train arrive this morning?
"""We haven’t reached our target yet"", said the boss."
Do you think we will ever find a cure for cancer?
Teresa, Mildrid, Ralph, and Vonda all arrived yesterday evening.
Well, I like that!
When I visited South America I had dinner with Aaron, Douglas, Nicole, and Raymond.
"""Don't know,"" was the reply."
The tram will arrive in five minutes, unless this timetable is wrong.
Worryingly, the radio signal became weaker.
At the airport, the woman threw herself into revision for college so she could experience university.
"What's up, homies, you ready to go?"
By area, Quebec is the largest province of Canada.
"Thou comest'well, if thou comest alone said of misfortunes."
When I visited South America I had dinner with Aaron, Douglas, Nicole, and Raymond.
What did he mean?
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
"Don't you know it?"
I promise, I will be careful!
"Do you have Nina's phone number?"
Seoul has two main airports: one at Incheon and another one at Gimpo.
What do you wish?
Have you met Peter?
I was screwing the screw with a screwdriver, then I said “Screw it.”
"She's low down on our list of concerns at the moment."
What is it that you want?
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
What is it you wish to know?
Good company on the road is the shortest cut.
This plank was made for walking on.
High seats are best for football fans.
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
The tea was a little bit too hot.
Paper will dry out when wet.
It was of no use.
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe.
My grandmother and I went inside the Great Pyramid.
"I've wrenched my ankle."
I cannot believe it.
Knowledge is better than riches.
"Cut off one's nose to spite one's face."
"I'm not so sure how I feel about dress codes."
Great, can you show them to me?
Neat plans fail without luck.
These machines are built for number crunching.
Tranquillity is the first duty of citizens.
The prevailing notion among midwifes is that vaginal childbirths should be preferred to cesareans.
Tenements in suburban areas are usually bland and banal.
Harry Styles was a member of the boy band One Direction.
I mean what I say.
Thanks for the clarification!
You need to be an optimist to play the lottery.
My cat laid there, soaking up the sunlight.
Experience is the father of wisdom.
The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month.
The beach is dry and shallow at low tide.
Lawrence was baffled by the amount of things he had learned about fuzzy logic.
Two to one are odds at football
"I was well, but I'm all the better for being here"
Do you know anything about it?
Why are you blaming me?
Yes, that is what I was thinking too.
Soak the cloth and drown the sharp odor.
"She was beautiful from behind, but he couldn't see her face yet."
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza
But that was all.
Please Postman
"It infuriates me, and I don't know why."
"Theresa couldn't feel any more dumb right now."
How do I know?
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
I will think about what to buy.
The north passage became ice-free.
What do you make of that?
The show was a flop from the very start.
I did not chose that phrase.
Hunger is the best sauce.
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
Tear a thin sheet from the yellow pad.
The wagon moved on well oiled wheels.
"Valuable or not, if he becomes a liability, I'll be forced to clean up after you."
The carpenter offered me a discount of twenty percent.
I begin to see.
Same for coal.
His heart sank as the jury returned a guilty verdict.
Empty bags cannot stand upright.
That is not her house.
Check the main features on the website.
Green moss grows on the northern side.
Even the women knew how to be silent.
I could not bear it.
"One of Saturn's moons is called Helene."
Cheap is dear in the long run.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
Everything I do is friendly.
Wait until it happens to you sometime.
If I told you it might not come true.
Did she discuss it with you?
The deranged developer revised his application source code after a careful study of its contents.
You must mean two other trees.
The cringe levels were almost unbearable.
The lightbulbs need changing again.
"Of course he's coming back here."
Everybody wait a minute.
"We've got to walk up to the tower."
You will be Jane Doe.
Remember the interview I wrote with Alice Wellman?
"I'd like to take a bath."
What do you know about that?
I have never seen a Rothschild before.
"She was beautiful from behind, but he couldn't see her face yet."
"I'm beginning to think women make the best spies."
The poem was great.
I came over with Johnny.
What else are you?
Got a lot of charm.
"Why didn't you come to our launch party?"
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
And what did you do then?
Can I have some of your tasty beverage?
Out of sight, out of mind.
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
What became of him?
When the game is still undecided after sixty minutes, overtime begins.
What is it you want?
Sooner or later Three brothers, three castles.
How was the food there?
So why would they want to drop the gold standard if not for the reasons they claim?
How do you know that?
Very well, very well.
And what are you doing here?
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant that the sanctions will have an effect on the community.
The landing was dimly light by a single, bare, low-power light-bulb.
What is the meaning of this?
"My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet."
No, but it is nice to meet you.
But where are you going?
I think they perceived that nothing was to be done at the moment.
"Sometimes it's better to be with the sheep, who don't say anything."
"But maybe I'll never have another chance to get to the Pyramids in Egypt."
"Death doesn't change anything, the boy thought."
All they think about is food and water.
"You'll be the counselor of the oasis."
"""Because my eyes are not yet accustomed to the desert,"" the boy said."
"And, above all, don't forget to follow your destiny through to its conclusion."
The hookahs were extinguished, and the guards stood at attention.
He knew he was stronger than his friend.
I told you that your dream was a difficult one.
The boy mumbled an answer that allowed him to avoid responding to her question.
"I'll work all night, until dawn, and I'll clean every piece of crystal in your shop."
Throughout the entire day we will be on the lookout for our enemies.
"""There is only one way to learn,"" the alchemist answered."
In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe.
"""This is what was written on the Emerald Tablet,"" said the alchemist, when he had finished."
"So, he asked if the old man's blessing was still with him."
"""They are so used to me that they know my schedule,"" he muttered."
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise.
They continued across the desert.
It was the most delicious wine he had ever tasted.
They were fascinating stories: each of them lived out his destiny to the end.
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
He was betting on that outcome.
The best things are not bought and sold.
I have it here.
Darth Vader could barely breathe under his mask.
Every cock crows loud on his own dunghill
If you are well off, remain so.
"For better physical understanding, let's first recap where the pivot point is."
Doing a handstand needs a lot of practice to learn.
I have not decided yet.
The nurse is unwilling to give him the medicine.
How much do you want?
The two met while playing on the sand.
She had forgotten about the cookies in the oven.
The youth drove with zest, but little skill.
Male animals secrete pheromones that attract females.
Nuclear power is the future.
"You're my daughter, and I love you."
Two women were still missing when the firefighters arrived.
The sky was clear.
Maybe tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
Benjamin was snacking on strips of bacon.
Least talk most work.
"""But don't worry,"" the alchemist continued."
"""The alchemist is two hundred years old,"" the Englishman had told him."
"""All things are one,"" the old man had said."
The old woman had said the same thing.
"""I'm leaving today,"" said the boy."
When you play cards the first time, you are almost sure to win.
You have enough gold to buy many sheep and many camels.
When he reached the top of the dune, his heart leapt.
They set off running wildly into the trees.
Relaxed and unhurried, he resolved that he would walk through the narrow streets of Tangier.
"""Well, usually I learn more from my sheep than from books,"" he answered."
I told him we could teach her to ignore people who waste her time.
"But he still couldn't flee."
"If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence."
But you are forcing me to look at wealth and at horizons I have never known.
"""That's not true,"" the boy said."
"I've had this shop for thirty years."
When the simum ceased to blow, everyone looked to the place where the boy had been.
"It's not often that money can save someone's life."
Among these people were a couple of cyclists, a gardener I employed sometimes, and a girl carrying a baby.
It looked like a rusty gas float.
The Englishman had been profoundly impressed by the story.
He disappeared into the tent.
But what has all this got to do with the CEO?
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
"I'm not doing it for you!"
"It's up to you."
When talking to someone who has just started to learn the language, it’s good to speak slowly and clearly.
Of course it is!
Do you know what?
"Still can't contact Conway."
"It's done in America all the time."
Is that job still open?
Gary pulled another coin from his pouch.
"I've got a flash for you!"
"There's the professor now."
"I'm not afraid of anything."
What more do you want?
"But it's just something I forgot to pack."
"What's my name doing on it?"
I beg your pardon.
"I'd like to have my robe."
You bet I will!
"You don't rub the baby dry."
And what a way to quit.
The news was chilling, to say the least.
"And you've told me about omens."
"""Where are you from?"" the boy asked."
"I'm trying to explain to my mother how to get pictures off her phone."
The land was ruined, and I had to find some other way to earn a living.
Now, I too will be one of the women who wait.
"The boy's heart began to speak of fear."
There was a murmur from the crowd.
The scabbard was embossed in silver, and the handle was black and encrusted with precious stones.
He was thinking about omens, and someone had appeared.
"""To show you one of life's simple lessons,"" the alchemist answered."
The Englishman said nothing.
The old man knew how to read, and had already read the book.
Upon returning to the wise man, he related in detail everything he had seen.
"""Maktub,"" the boy said, remembering the crystal merchant."
"""They were looking only for gold,"" his companion answered."
I have to find a man who knows that universal language.
"""That's not true,"" the boy said."
"When he's an old man, he's going to spend a month in Africa."
"It's not a battle of good against evil."
The two men hurried back and found the cylinder still lying in the same position.
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby.
But he decided to take a chance.
Last time, I made the mistake of replicating a drawing by Rodin.
If it were, he would already have heard of it.
"""What's your name?"" he asked."
Work in progress.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
She called his name many times.
Well, what is it?
Yeah, I was in a wheel chair for months.
Experience is the best teacher.
"She's sitting there on a pillow, wearing only pants and bra."
The laundry is right next to the thrift shop.
All of our trainees failed the polygraph test.
"Well, I don't know."
But how can you be sure?
"The weather forecast for this week didn't look good at all."
No, nothing at all.
One can’t be too careful.
What game do you want to play?
Good morning, how are you?
I wish to see her.
Listen to the pot calling the kettle black.
He did not look up.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
This statement is completely false.
Take this pill twice daily, once in the morning and once at bedtime.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
Bus-only lanes are debated controversially.
A predator drone equipped with multiple cruise missiles lifted off.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.
"""We're refugees from the tribal wars, and we need money,"" the other figure said."
Just as your grandfather taught you.
And at that I told him, and he took my place.
"""This was my destiny, not yours,"" the alchemist answered."
"""I'm hunting with my falcon,"" the alchemist answered."
It seemed he had made the long journey for nothing.
Why the shots stopped after the tenth, no one on earth has tried to explain.
When the lead had become liquid, the alchemist took from his pouch the strange yellow egg.
The alchemist erased the circle in the sand, and the snake slithered away among the rocks.
"""I used to live near El Cairum,"" he said."
vibrations of peace throughout the tent.
The thought was so dreadful to him that he forgot about the heat and went forward.
They forgot that lead, copper, and iron have their own destinies to fulfill.
Whenever he could, he sought out a new road to travel.
The next day, the boy met the old man at noon.
He has other things to do first.
Something older than humanity, more ancient than the desert.
The same book that taught me about Urim and Thummim.
"""What is an alchemist?"" he asked, finally."
The boy approached her to ask about the alchemist.
"""We don't know when the war will end, so we can't continue our journey,"" he said."
I thought the unscrewing might be automatic.
Walking along in the silence, he had no regrets.
They were fascinating stories: each of them lived out his destiny to the end.
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
What are you talking about?
Are you still using your computer for the research?
Suddenly, Kimberly had an idea.
The music stopped then, catching the clowns mid-step.
How was the food there?
"Why can't this researcher check your facts?"
How often has the train been late?
Where did Charlotte leave her keys?
"If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire."
"Love is a fluid concept, and I'm not sure if androids get that."
"""Let's prepare for the picnic!"", said Abigail."
"""I needed to concentrate more"", cried Jasper."
Do you want me?
"Guys, homophobia isn't tolerated in this office."
What can you do?
"And you couldn't release him?"
And what is that?
What did he say?
When you find a bug in software, please report it.
"Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few."
No, that was never his real plan.
Why do people even eat peanut butter and jelly?
"It's pretty straightforward, isn't it?"
What do you mean to do?
The charcoal burned away to white ash.
It was now near midnight.
The cringe levels were almost unbearable.
We need grain to keep our mules healthy.
Hello! It is great to see you!
We will not have any money left.
I have not decided yet.
The same is true for animals.
Virginia does not know how to fly the kite.
That is unlikely considering it has his name on it.
I wish to see her.
A steel framed table separated one half of the room from the other.
"Apparently, it's the dumplings that make this stew taste so good."
The ship appeared to be constructed with some form of chromium exoskeleton.
wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his Lekrjahre, to acquire further experience
"She's going to lose her mind when she finds out."
Mommy, can we have a puppy please?
It was a great success.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
"I'd propose a dictionary attack instead of brute force."
"Even the guard rail couldn't stop the truck from falling off the bridge."
Two nibbles are one byte.
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
Emily wants to get her hair bleached.
I serve the motto of the Prince of Wales
He remembered the sword.
"""I'd like to build a display case for the crystal,"" the boy said to the merchant."
"""So what do you want of me?"" the sun asked."
"But you don't know about love."
"Now, I can see that it hasn't been too bad."
And then they want the person to change.
And he told what he had seen.
"I'm going to hate those who have found their treasure because I never found mine."
"""We could get to the Pyramids by tomorrow,"" said the other, taking the money."
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night.
"I don't want to change anything, because I don't know how to deal with change."
Your heart is alive.
Then she again took his hands and studied them carefully.
"""What is it you're looking for?"" asked the old merchant."
During one of these conversations, the driver told of his own life.
He fell asleep, and when he awoke the sun was already high.
They stood there looking at the moon.
"""No,"" the alchemist answered."
"The sun was setting when the boy's heart sounded a danger signal."
"There's one that says, 'Everything that happens once can never happen again."
It was the time of day when all of Spain slept during the summer.
They provided warnings about thieves and barbarian tribes.
"If I had told you, you wouldn't have seen the Pyramids."
The camel driver understood what the boy was saying.
If it were, he would already have heard of it.
"""Well, I'd like to see their land, and see how they live,"" said his son."
Not everything that is faced can be changed; but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
Have you the key?
Oh, to be sure!
The news was chilling, to say the least.
Have you ever been to Singapore?
You know her better, so you should do it.
"It infuriates me, and I don't know why."
Have you played chess?
Men that are not included in the line, the reserve, Militia Never mind, Farewell.
"Jennifer's expression changed. ""Pull my finger"", she said."
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
What is today?
Do you hear me?
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
"Did you see the chap over there with his arms in the air like he just doesn't care?"
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
The Google search bar is for searching, not for typing URLs!
May I come in?
Do you know me?
Why are you doing this?
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
"Don't overthink, just do it."
The cheese was delicious, especially when accompanied by the delicious, crusty bread.
Are you in pain?
No, nothing at all.
He stood irresolute for a moment and then scrambled out of the pit.
It was the first time she had done that.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
All things are one.
It was a cobra, whose venom could kill a person in minutes.
This is for the boy.
He could always become a crystal salesman again.
"""That makes sense,"" the alchemist answered."
It seems old and wise.
Camels are traitorous: they walk thousands of paces and never seem to tire.
"""All I saw was an army,"" said the boy."
"And don't forget the language of omens."
They forgot that lead, copper, and iron have their own destinies to fulfill.
He noticed the unequal cooling of its surface.
Almost everyone here speaks Spanish.
From then on, he would make his own decisions.
He knew all the fields and pastures of Andalusia.
Men have never understood the words of the wise.
"""You old sorcerer,"" the boy shouted up to the sky."
It was the time of day when all of Spain slept during the summer.
Your money saved us for three days.
On the seventh day, the alchemist decided to make camp earlier than usual.
The first day passed.
No one attacks an oasis.
The shop is exactly the size I always wanted it to be.
You already know all you need to know.
"""I have known true alchemists,"" the alchemist continued."
The boy preferred wine.
"It's too bad that he's quickly going to forget my name, he thought."
"But he certainly didn't desire that an army invade the oasis."
Half an hour later, his shovel hit something solid.
The alchemist lighted the fire, and soon a delicious aroma filled the tent.
He was immensely excited at the news.
But I found it difficult to get to work because of the investigations.
The boy was relieved.
Before long, maybe in just a few days, he would be at the Pyramids.
Where was his horse?
He wanted to tell him about Fatima.
The woman sat down, and told him to be seated as well.
But you are forcing me to look at wealth and at horizons I have never known.
A current of love rushed from his heart, and the boy began to pray.
The boy was shocked.
He left without saying good-bye to the crystal merchant.
He approached the mass and was surprised at the size and the shape.
When I returned to the common, the sun was setting.
They began to ride out over the sands, with the moon lighting their way.
The alchemist knocked on the gate of the monastery.
Besides that, there was a heap of bicycles.
They were fascinating stories: each of them lived out his destiny to the end.
Because you are trying to realize your destiny.
"""The invaders carried the name everywhere."" The beautiful girl spoke of the invaders with pride."
That he had attended a seminary until he was sixteen.
It said that the darkest hour of the night came just before the dawn.
The boy was sad as he left her that day.
He did find it, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
All who went there were happy at having done so.
"""I make my living forecasting the future for people,"" he said."
It seemed he had made the long journey for nothing.
"But they really don't know what they're saying."
but nowhere could he find his new companion.
But I found it difficult to get to work because of the investigations.
"""He knew what I was thinking,"" the boy said to himself."
Ogilvy told him everything that he had seen.
Mostly just the hearts of those who are trying to realize their destinies.
It was the first time either had touched the other.
Throughout the entire day we will be on the lookout for our enemies.
He wanted to forget about the vision, and return to his meditation.
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
"""I'll just watch him,"" he said to himself."
From the railway station in the distance came the sound of trains, ringing and rumbling.
back into the excavation.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza.
What he said reminded the boy of the old king.
The boy began to dig into the dune.
Can I get a woot woot!?
And, eventually, man will nourish your sands, where the game will once again flourish.
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby.
"Maybe because that wasn't really his dream."
It was the most delicious wine he had ever tasted.
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
The sky was clear.
Mrs. wife lady Miss
I always confuse estrogen with progesterone.
A flight of musical notes.
Jennifer is very creative.
There was another silence.
I would give a good review of the new TV I bought a week ago.
The line where the edges join was clean.
Shake hands with this friendly child.
So, are you planning to order a taxi?
What are they doing?
The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant.
"According to the predominant notion in the Vatican, condoms shouldn't be used in spite of HIV."
The merit of their paper is to alleviate the extraction of isolines and isosurfaces.
He could not help smiling.
Still waters run deep.
The waiting room smelled of sickness and death.
An injury is forgiven better than an injury revenged.
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
"You should've learned that thumbnails with women wearing plunging necklines are just click bait."
A bully is always a coward.
It takes two to tango.
The boy was there when the sun rose.
Call a spade a spade.
"I'm going to roast some chestnuts."
Remind me to buy some eggs next time I am at the store.
"I'm already used to the way things are."
I can only tell you what I saw.
The snake fought frantically, making hissing sounds that shattered the silence of the desert.
But now the sounds inside had stopped.
Now, I too will be one of the women who wait.
The old woman had said the same thing.
"""It helped me to trust in people,"" the Englishman answered."
He had used the two stones only once, one morning when he was at a marketplace.
"But he had found a guide, and didn't want to miss out on an opportunity."
It must have fallen while I was sitting over there.
"""You can't be the wind,"" the wind said."
"The sword didn't fall."
I remember how I sat on the table there in the blackness, with patches of green and crimson swimming before my eyes.
But he kept the sword in his hand.
"I don't know if I'll be able to find life in the desert, the boy thought."
"""From here on, you will be alone,"" the alchemist said."
That sobered him a little.
He was going to miss the place and all the good things he had learned.
And he immediately felt peace in his heart.
"""I have watched the caravan as it crossed the desert,"" he said."
All they wanted was food and water.
The top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
And they attacked an empty tent.
"""But there was a sixth day,"" the sun went on."
The omens had told him so.
"I'm going to wait here for you every day."
They wanted to save the oasis.
The article references previous biometric work in a reasonable way.
They should leave immediately.
"Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time."
"In the past I've had trouble prioritizing stuff in this list."
"What do you mean she can't get away?"
Did you get the Mayor?
They rode alongside each other gracefully.
You left out number five.
I feel sick, what should I do?
Is that job still open?
"The thing's not working!"
"And I guarantee that they'll graduate with highest honors!"
Did you hear what I said?
The apples are in the basket near the door on your way out.
"It's on the level."
"Let's make a night of it."
My dear Regina I hope you are enjoying your holiday.
"I'm not afraid to die."
They did something different to get there and you can learn from them.
I use short made-up words to dictate common symbols.
"Yeah, I'm talking to you."
"That's why I'm quitting."
There must be some mistake.
"There's been an accident."
"You couldn't even be honest about being dishonest."
DIY projects can help you save money and tailor things to your needs.
May I go in and see him?
How do I guess at the future?
From there, he could see Africa in the distance.
He took his money from his pouch and showed it to the young man.
"""I'd like to build a display case for the crystal,"" the boy said to the merchant."
"The sea has lived on in this shell, because that's its destiny."
Suddenly, one of the hawks made a flashing dive through the sky, attacking the other.
Ten years at the university, and here I am in a corral.
After all, what he had always wanted was just that: to know new places.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
"""Because my eyes are not yet accustomed to the desert,"" the boy said."
"""Did you learn anything?"" the Englishman asked, eager to hear what it might be."
The boy climbed the dune slowly.
"""Exactly,"" answered the alchemist."
Henderson stood up with a spade in his hand.
The boy smiled to himself.
"""Let's go and have some lunch,"" said the crystal merchant."
It was the old man who spoke first.
"But he's on the right track."
Then she filled her vessel with water and left.
You brought a new feeling into my crystal shop.
So, when I look out over your sands, I am also looking at her.
They blow across the world without a birthplace, and with no place to die.
"What good is money to you if you're going to die?"
"""Who is this stranger who speaks of omens?"" asked one of the chieftains, eyeing the boy."
The camel driver was not a fighter, and he had consulted with seers.
"I've already had that experience with my sheep, and now it's happening with people."
"""Well, I'd like to see their land, and see how they live,"" said his son."
"Don't worry, I took a cab to get home safely."
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
No, but it is nice to meet you.
Do you know it?
What is it, dear?
Quiet down, will you?
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
"""Jellyfish can cause serious injuries"", the physician explained to the patient."
Angela is pregnant, she told me.
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
No, you cannot have that lollipop.
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
Oh, I beg your pardon!
Oh, is that all?
"""Let's prepare for the picnic!"", said Abigail."
The cheese was delicious, especially when accompanied by the delicious, crusty bread.
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
He stood up, and by the time he went back to his seat everybody in the room was questioning the meaning of life.
What does he look like?
Do you know those people?
"Astronomy might be complicated, but it's not rocket science."
Here, let me show you around.
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
When the game is still undecided after sixty minutes, overtime begins.
"Read some books, won't you?"
Member of an independent band harassing the enemy by irregular attacks.
His Internet connection was too slow.
Not on your life!
In twenty-twenty-seven I will old enough to drive.
Cattle plague.
Kettle-drums.
Will come out in the flesh.
You will have to wait for it till doomsday.
The mall is open eight thirty AM to five thirty PM.
He carved a head from the round block of marble.
"Most people using the term ""exponentially"" don't know what it actually means."
"Did you know that the word ""commercial"" could mean the same as ""advertisement""?"
The black trunk fell from the landing.
"There's nothing else for it."
The darkest hour is before the dawn.
The way to save money is not to spend much.
He picked up the dice for a second roll.
Everything has an end.
Also there was a decrease in trade interest between east and west.
The Internet of uncontrolled things brought us a distributed denial of service attack once again.
There was a short silence.
The yellow fish swam across the lake.
I am going to Germany tomorrow.
Get the trust fund to the bank early.
What makes you think that?
"That's what's the matter."
The ripe taste of cheese improves with age.
You know what I want.
We have already met, but it would be nice to see him again.
Nor was this all.
Begin at the beginning.
But it was not.
I could not bear it.
This will never do.
An hotel.
Gray paint stretched for miles around.
Silence gives consent.
The stems of the tall glasses cracked and broke.
It was a bad error on the part of the new judge.
Adversity tries friends.
When will we grow out of fidget spinners?
A pot of tea helps to pass the evening.
View the reviews, comments, and ratings on the website.
It came about in this way.
No, I will tell her myself.
The transfer required two hours nineteen minutes and ten seconds to complete.
The command was given to erect an outpost to defend strikes from the east.
Heaven forbid!
Stop and stare at the hard working man.
Credit won by lying is quick in dying.
That’s what it is!
Gone is gone. No good in crying over spilt milk.
Make hay while the sun.
A throne is only a bench covered in purple velvet.
Today, anyone can pass both bridges for free, but one is closed to cars.
This was thanks to gold being discovered and the building of gold mines.
He must be disguised to avoid encounters with thieves.
except for the dream.
"""We're refugees from the tribal wars, and we need money,"" the other figure said."
They made the boy continue digging, but he found nothing.
Suddenly, one of the hawks made a flashing dive through the sky, attacking the other.
"Don't ask me why; I don't know why."
But his heart was speaking of other things.
"I'm not afraid of failing."
Everything has been written by the same hand.
They tell their incredible stories at the time when you want to hear them.
As the sun rose, the men began to beat the boy.
The alchemist stopped abruptly, and bent to the ground.
When I had my sheep, I was happy, and I made those around me happy.
You knew the whole story.
I know why I want to get back to my flock, he thought.
"""I'm an alchemist simply because I'm an alchemist,"" he said, as he prepared the meal."
"That's the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
So now, I fear nothing, because it was those omens that brought you to me.
I locked eyes with a fish in the tank.
They stood there looking at the moon.
Air was either entering or escaping at the rim with a thin, sizzling sound.
Let me tell you what will happen.
They were his treasure.
Sometimes, their caravan met with another.
As he did so, he talked with the monk about the tribal wars.
Everything on earth is being continuously transformed, because the earth is alive.
The sword remained where it was.
They wanted to save the oasis.
"Evidently we're the floor show."
For users it is important that they can trust their operating system.
"I guess you're right."
That lady is so fashionable!
Proteins have many functions in the human body.
"Don't try to move."
It dribbled down the fridge.
Drinking too much water in a short period of time can be lethal.
"Then who's this one?"
"That's a good idea."
What do you want to know?
His seat was unstable.
Mohamed plays often with the computer.
This convention is a natural.
"I won't say anything."
Am I talking too much?
The corset constricted her waist.
Mary told me that she got to meet up with you while she was back in San Francisco.
That might be all right.
Give me precise instructions how to decontaminate the trooper.
They found two new dimples.
"The python wasn't a snake, it was a programming language."
"Stacey couldn't find the power switch."
She and the judge are like corned beef and cabbage.
"A part of me is also trying to come to terms with the fact that I won't be able to travel as much anymore."
"I don't like seals anyhow."
The football jocks laughed viciously.
There’s an artist on campus who makes some really cool drawings.
I should have been there.
A single little word can strike him down.
The volcano eruption itself was a catastrophe, but the ash is an excellent fertilizer.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Wisdom is better than strength.
The output is highest in the near infrared.
Grape juice and water mix well.
"How they managed to improvise at such short notice, she'll never know."
Many different classes of statistical tests have been considered in the literature.
He looked at me.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work!
It was possible to sail the entire route in one go.
I will tell her what we decided.
A filing case is now hard to buy.
The pearl was worn in a thin silver ring.
"It has been ages since I've last seen you out in the sun!"
"That's the worst of it."
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
Matthew McConaughey is an American actor.
Maybe he just put it there for safe keeping?
No, Olivia is a brunette.
All is not gold that glitters.
Security, kick this guy out!
Great, can you show them to me?
"He's smart, smart enough to keep his intellect hidden and fool people into underestimating him."
"If you don't say it you will not have to unsay it."
Money makes the man.
Sarah told him that she was there to see her brother.
"Let's start it all over again, how about that?"
Wish I had a million dollars.
At the airport, the woman threw herself into revision for college so she could experience university.
From this perspective you can see the concentric circles.
For users it is important that they can trust their operating system.
She enjoyed her weekend trip to the baltic sea.
My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry, it must be a phobia.
"Why didn't I call you back?"
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
"There's nobody else on the paper who can write!"
I just came in to get warm.
"You're worth more dead than alive."
Select between line X and line Y.
Can you get in this desk?
You can stand just so much.
"Why didn't you deliver them right away?"
"You can't begin to spend all the money you've got."
We therefore oppose the resolution.
Take her to the hospital.
You told me that.
Do you see this?
Having a nervous breakdown.
Have you ever tried?
"You can't see the planet with the naked eye."
"He's always making a speech."
"It's no miracle because I see it happen once every year."
They have prejudices against foreigners.
It’s time to save the internet — again
Do you like cooking?
"I'll go further than that."
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
"I'm really sorry about that."
A thick ice crust made it impossible to pull the anchor.
Birth and death marks the limits of life.
A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew.
The pennant waved when the wind blew.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
But what does it mean?
Alexander was not sure why she did it.
Abigail and Sara told me the secret.
The barrel is greasy from the oil.
She rose to her feet.
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe.
Under the Inquisition.
Grab your rucksack and hurry!
He took the lead and kept it the whole distance.
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
A quart of milk is water for the most part.
They all live in the area.
The longest way round is the sweetest way home.
Divide and conquer.
"Undeclared identifier 'jitter'."
Peace came years after the war.
The old warehouse is no longer storing any noxious chemicals.
Nothing lost for lack of asking.
The merit of their paper is to alleviate the extraction of isolines and isosurfaces.
The woman shook her head.
The leaf drifts along with a slow spin.
Do you know what he was last working on?
Cowboys used to train badgers to help them herd cattle.
"I'm not sure I want any type of relationship with your sort of organisation."
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger.
"Right, it shouldn't be too difficult to rework then."
"Jennifer's expression changed. ""Pull my finger"", she said."
Do you want to pack before we go out?
In general, people have difficulties estimating risks correctly.
Are you all right?
What did he do?
She is being infected with influenza.
What do you think?
"Why don't you speak?"
Do geese always fly in that formation?
Hey look, a flying pig!
If you want it, you must take it.
How can I thank you?
Did you know that Harry got a new job?
"Don't advertise: Tell it to a gossip."
How did you get in before?
"We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things."
Yes, this is the right place.
Doves sprouted, then escaped from various oversized pockets, some trailing handkerchiefs or bunting.
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed at this part of the beach.
We merely wish to employ you to help locate a missing item.
What did you say your name was?
Strawberry curd, yummy!
As a winner, Carlos gives his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
"Although searching in binary search trees is efficient, you won't find any fruits in there."
What time will you be heading across?
"Being murdered in cold blood isn't nonsense."
Her old man was Doc Mitchell.
"That's not so bad."
She retracted her statement.
My chemist told me to take these tablets before eating.
I can help him!
She never trusted me!
This puts me in a peculiar hole.
"I thought sure you'd remember me."
Did you hear what I said?
How much do you want?
"I guess they just can't help it."
Sodium Chloride is just common table salt.
Edinburgh is a dream-like place to visit.
How would you like to work for me?
I thought you were asleep.
My agreement with you gentlemen stands!
Four hundred and fifty dollars.
It was aligned perfectly.
"Where's Mrs. Luke's box of capsules?"
Save that for the Tribune.
"And all's fair in love and war?"
Maybe the water was too hot.
That Tina thought it was funny!
Am I talking too much?
Good luck to you.
Are you trying to make me out a liar?
"It's the only answer."
I told the truth and the District Attorney knows it.
I feel so good I could spit.
The flag is red, blue, and yellow.
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
Ladies and gentlemen, this wagon is going to be detached.
As the flag unfurled, they all hollered like wild beasts.
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
I like the city, but in July it is too hot.
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
The music stopped then, catching the clowns mid-step.
How often has the train been late?
How long have you had this bruise?
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
In response to the controversy, they published an article.
How does it feel?
"Why didn't you phone me up?"
What could he do?
No, that was never his real plan.
Wow, look how deep this canyon is!
Angela is pregnant, she told me.
Well, what of it?
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
Ouch, that was uncalled for.
What would you say is the difference between a language and a dialect?
Did you hear anything?
"Inside, you'll find photographs and a brief synopsis of the item's history."
Do you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
Oh, I beg your pardon!
In fact, this view is still present in many outdated teaching materials.
A friend of yours?
Six hundred years after its founding, the city was at the peak of its building activity.
How do you make that out?
Don’t share your opinions so readily because you never know who is listening.
But he decided first to buy his bakery and put some money aside.
Wearing his new sandals, he descended the stairs silently.
They made the boy continue digging, but he found nothing.
The boy went to his room and packed his belongings.
He began to dig at the base of the sycamore.
Sadly, my dream of becoming a squirrel whisperer may never happen.
"The sea has lived on in this shell, because that's its destiny."
"""I'm the king of Salem,"" the old man had said."
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up.
He is going to transform himself into the wind, just to demonstrate his powers.
"""Al-Fayoum is in Egypt,"" said the Arab."
"It's not I the wind spoke about."
Then, taking his sheep, he walked away.
Down below in the darkness were hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.
As he was attempting to pull out the rocks he encountered, he heard footsteps.
They might even have become friends, but the Englishman closed off the conversation.
It’s been a long time since she last read Chekhov, and because of that, she no longer feels like the heroine of her own story.
His name was Joseph.
Something inside the cylinder was unscrewing the top.
"It's called the principle of favorability."
Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.
"He told her about the morning's meeting."
"""There are many languages spoken by things,"" the boy said."
The boy took out Urim and Thummim from his bag.
"""I'm not going very far,"" the alchemist answered, looking straight into the eyes of the horsemen."
He left without saying good-bye to the crystal merchant.
There was hardly any movement from the pit.
"""I want to stay at the oasis,"" the boy answered."
The levanter increased in intensity.
"I don't know why."
I can learn something from the desert, too.
"""I'll be back,"" the boy said."
Maybe these desert birds could explain to him the meaning of love without ownership.
There was nothing to hold him back except himself.
"But the boy couldn't even speak."
"""What is love?"" the desert asked."
They made the boy continue digging, but he found nothing.
I saw a young man standing on the cylinder and trying to scramble out of the hole again.
But I was also stumbling because I couldn’t look away from these things.
Then he dropped his spade, picked up his jacket, and came out into the road.
Why was it that he wanted the boy to serve as his instrument?
Finally, a young woman approached who was not dressed in black.
The only things that concerned the sheep were food and water.
I had a momentary impulse to go back and help him, but I was too scared to do anything.
Your heart is alive.
The boy knew a lot of people in the city.
But I found it difficult to get to work because of the investigations.
Before long, maybe in just a few days, he would be at the Pyramids.
"""They didn't have the printing press in those days,"" the boy argued."
The boy stood up shakily, and looked once more at the Pyramids.
It gave a peculiarly sharp cry.
"""Everything in the universe evolved,"" he said."
"They're not concerned with that right now."
A shepherd may like to travel, but he should never forget about his sheep.
He said that everything has its own destiny.
The strange horseman drew an enormous, curved sword from a scabbard mounted on his saddle.
"""In a way, so am I,"" he said."
"""An alchemist,"" said the alchemist."
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise.
"""I need it to get to the Pyramids,"" he said."
Hundreds of observers saw the flame that night and the night after.
She refilled her vessel and left.
"""Thank you,"" said the boy."
"It's too bad that he's quickly going to forget my name, he thought."
The boy was shaking with fear, but the alchemist helped him out of the tent.
None of what the old man was saying made much sense to the boy.
His new friend pushed the owner aside, and pulled the boy outside with him.
This is for the boy.
"It knew of the boy's talk with the desert, because the winds know everything."
"Replace the Ts in Tim Tebow's name with any other consonant to get a Star Wars character"
But arms cannot be drawn unless they also go into battle.
He sat looking at the sky for a long time.
"That's the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
The old man leafed through the book, and fell to reading a page he came to.
"""And you've told me nothing along the way,"" said the boy."
He felt weighted down by the centuries of time since the Pyramids had been built.
They were tribesmen dressed in blue, with black rings surrounding their turbans.
The boy stepped closer to the girl, and when she smiled, he did the same.
From that day on, the oasis would be an empty place for her.
Sometimes I appear in the form of a solution, or a good idea.
"""But this payment goes well beyond my generosity,"" the monk responded."
"""So that those who have the responsibility for understanding can understand,"" he said."
That sobered him a little.
Next morning, there were two thousand armed men scattered throughout the palm trees at Al- Fayoum.
The woman said she had never heard of such a person, and hurried away.
"""Don't be impatient,"" he repeated to himself."
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
Your money saved us for three days.
Something bright reflected from his chest with such intensity that the boy was momentarily blinded.
There was very little talking.
Tangier is not like the rest of Africa.
"I don't know why."
Jason opened some old, dusty chests in the attic of his house.
"Do you have Isabella's phone number?"
In Ireland, the butter is always salted, why would anyone want it any other way?
Look, you really need to sort yourself out.
Couple of small bugs, but it gets from one place to another.
"Grow angry slowly, there's plenty of time."
Japanese culture is incredibly addictive, their buildings look amazing.
Mommy, can we have a puppy please?
In retrospect, everything was already decided when we heard the siren.
Forget it, there is no such thing.
But how can you be sure?
Where can I apply for the job of a millionaire?
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
If the cap fits, wear it.
Can I pay in cash?
Do you see her?
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
What game do you want to play?
"I have disabled some of the certificate authorities, but they're not grayed out in this list."
What have you got there?
Where do you live?
What are you going to do?
I booked a hotel in Bali, Indonesia for this holiday.
How are you getting on?
"If possible, we'd like the papers a week before and after each of these dates please."
"I understand that you're going to want to bring the cops in on this, but I can't be here when you do."
Jacqueline, Micheal and Nicholas were often called Jack, Mike and Nokia.
Look John, I just cannot support that.
"Wasn't there a command line client for ordering pizza somewhere?"
Do you think we will ever find a cure for cancer?
It was dropping off in flakes and raining down on the sand.
"If you can concentrate always on the present, you'll be a happy man."
The boy turned to the hand that wrote all.
"But he didn't stop."
"""I'm surprised,"" the boy said."
"I don't want to change anything, because I don't know how to deal with change."
The sun was turned into a golden disk.
The alchemists spent years in their laboratories, observing the fire that purified the metals.
"""And I'm certain you'll find it,"" the alchemist said."
But the boy was certain that he had been looking at them.
"""Maybe we'd better ask someone,"" the boy suggested."
The only tribesman spared was the commander of the battalion.
He knew all the fields and pastures of Andalusia.
There were three hundred wells, fifty thousand date trees, and innumerable colored tents spread among them.
Men have never understood the words of the wise.
The alchemist removed the pan from the fire, and set it aside to cool.
"""So that those who have the responsibility for understanding can understand,"" he said."
You were seen at the enemy camp three days ago.
He quickly pulled his hands away.
"""What is an alchemist?"" he asked, finally."
He had surprised himself with the thought.
The boy was becoming nervous.
He told Fatima that, at their next meeting.
She keeps saying that she has no regrets about moving back home, but I’m not sure if it’s entirely true.
"I don't know why."
The old man returned the book to the boy.
But men began to reject simple things, and to write tracts, interpretations, and philosophical studies.
The merchant turned to a customer who wanted three crystal glasses.
It was no more exciting than an overturned carriage or a tree blown across the road.
If you have to wait until the war is over, then wait.
"""Because of the omens,"" the alchemist answered."
"""Fatima is a woman of the desert,"" said the alchemist."
"I'm interested only in the present."
The miner had abandoned everything to go mining for emeralds.
And now it was only four days before he would be back in that same village.
Mary told me that she got to meet up with you while she was back in San Francisco.
The boy was suddenly happy to be there at the warehouse.
But there they saw a crystal shop that offered refreshing mint tea.
He was just and good.
They also began to feel that they knew a better way than others had.
Fatima appeared at the entrance to the tent.
none of this ha d made an impression on the boy.
He wanted to say so to the alchemist, but he was afraid of the man.
"""Maybe this is an omen,"" said the Englishman, half aloud."
Wait for the end of the war.
YOU WANNA TAKE THIS OUTSIDE?
Then she again took his hands and studied them carefully.
Before long, maybe in just a few days, he would be at the Pyramids.
Not everyone can see his dreams come true in the same way.
"I thought that someday I'd be rich, and could go to Mecca."
"Love is the falcon's flight over your sands."
The jacket had a purpose, and so did the boy.
"He had been so far away that his face wasn't even visible."
"""Somewhere you are holding the person I love,"" the boy said."
"""I'm not going to charge you anything now,"" she said."
He knew all the fields and pastures of Andalusia.
The owner of the bar came over and looked, as well.
But everything had changed.
The only shadow was that of the few scattered pine trees.
He told Fatima that, at their next meeting.
It was rising slowly and painfully out of the cylinder.
The first day passed.
I have been waiting for you here at this oasis for a long time.
"But now I'm sad and alone."
He remembered the sword.
You already know all you need to know.
At other times, at a crucial moment, I make it easier for things to happen.
I had seen all that it would presently bring me.
Those Gypsies are really smart, he thought.
Now his intuition was that he had been right in coming.
The monk was irritated.
He understands the forces of nature.
He was more certain of it than of anything in the world.
And one can always come back.
The boy smiled, and continued digging.
I have to separate out the sulfur.
"""Why are you carrying money?"" asked the tribesman, when he had searched the boy's bag."
"It's almost as if he had been here and left his mark, he thought."
The Englishman could not contain his excitement.
The immense collection of people and animals began to travel faster.
It must have fallen while I was sitting over there.
From then on, he would make his own decisions.
A shepherd may like to travel, but he should never forget about his sheep.
Once to the thief, and once to the general.
"""Am I going to find my treasure?"" he asked."
"""And this is for me,"" said the alchemist, keeping one of the parts."
"And better still to be alone with one's books."
He was shaken into wakefulness by someone.
It was a pleasant change from talking to his sheep.
The same book that taught me about Urim and Thummim.
They went to the kitchen at the back of the monastery.
It was better than the scent of the hookahs.
A friend had told the boy about the shop, and he had taken his sheep there.
"""How did you learn to read?"" the girl asked at one point."
But men began to reject simple things, and to write tracts, interpretations, and philosophical studies.
At that point, the omens will tell you that your treasure is buried forever.
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
Okay, that seems fair.
Wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his Lekrjahre, to acquire further experience.
The blackbird watched all this from the tree twisting its head left and right, blinking and testing its wings, before finally taking to the air.
They might offer it to you a bit cheaper.
But what are we to do?
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
But how can you be sure?
What are you going to do?
What makes you think that?
For a start, we both know that I have it.
"What's up homies?"
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger.
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
Do I know it?
In the discotheque, the DJ played progressive house music and trance.
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
Did you really think it through?
"What's in it for me?"
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
I assume this was your doing?
"Did you know that the word ""commercial"" could mean the same as ""advertisement""?"
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad wine ruins the stomach.
What did he grow?
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Madam, this is the best brand of corn.
Where did that come from?
To no surprise, the equator indeed crosses Ecuador.
Did you hear anything?
No one near the remote machine you could ring?
What do you mean to do?
What could he do?
What time is it?
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
What do you wish?
What do you want here?
"The irrational number Pi, which represents the ratio between a circle's circumference and its diameter, approximately equals three point one four one five."
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
"Aren't the two rather intertwined?"
Technically, breaking a mirror is not five years, but seven years of bad luck.
"I'm afraid not, he's visiting a sick relative somewhere in Germany."
What’s to be done?
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
In an undertone, or whisper.
Well, what is it?
"Yeah, I'll look in to it."
"A wise man doesn't need advice, and a fool won't take it."
What do you mean?
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Where did they come from?
Did you have any problem finding the house?
Why are gully covers round?
"Don't you think so?"
"""Here, let me show you,"" said Ann."
"It shouldn't be displayed on any book pages, or should it?"
Would anyone care for some lavender custard?
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
I booked a hotel in Bali, Indonesia for this holiday.
This was your plan?
Soon ripe, soon rot.
Do male kangaroos have a pouch?
Christine valued her freedom, and would never deny anyone that privilege.
Where is my dress?
Yours sincerely, Satan.
Did you know that Harry got a new job?
He sent the figs, but kept the ripe cherries.
What has he done?
Have you seen Hollie?
What do you want of me?
"Before we begin with the actual baptism, let's renew our creed."
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
"What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?"
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
You know her better, so you should do it.
Have you seen her?
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
Just, how big is that closet?
The biggest bedroom had a small, ornate fireplace on one wall which had seen recent use judging by the ashes crumbling in the grate.
Alice, who the fuck is Bob?
What good would that do?
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
Will it rain tomorrow?
This pepperoni tastes off, she said.
Do you like contemporary paintings?
Charles looked on, angry that there was nothing he could do.
Where observation is concerned, chance favours only the prepared mind.
"Read some books, won't you?"
A song, a Girl, a maid.
What are you going to do with me?
"The C++ framework Qt is pronounced like ""cute""."
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
No, Olivia is a brunette.
Oh, to be sure!
We asked over twenty different people, and they all said it was his.
When a fox hears a rabbit screaming it comes running, but not to help.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
What can it be?
Gotcha, I was only joking!
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
How do you know that it is correct?
The flag is red, blue, and yellow.
No matter how much he offered, Scott would not accept the deal.
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
Okay, I will not be concerned.
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
Did you know that Mohammad was so good at tennis?
After being sealed for more than eighty four years, the vault was finally opened in twenty-fourteen.
Is it raining right now?
Have you been to Japan?
Sooner or later Three brothers, three castles.
Sure, I will be right back.
A short, distinct, and pointed style the opposite of legato.
You are welcome, I suppose.
That is one possibility, but we would both prefer it did not happen.
Can we please leave now?
I thought of buying the hat, but then saw that it cost eighty-four dollars.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Where did Charlotte leave her keys?
Good morning, how are you?
Rich here, poor hereafter.
Hm, that does seem difficult.
"Hey, don't go there!"
Tyler, do you remember when I gave you that note?
No, they were selected at random.
The race was finished in just thirty nine minutes, beating all expectations.
Out of sight, out of mind.
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
No, have you checked on the counter?
The sandwich comes with ham, cheese, tomatoes, mayonnaise, pickles.
"I was well, but I'm all the better for being here."
The boy became fearful; the omens told him that something was wrong.
At his side was the young Arab the boy had spoken with earlier.
"""I have known true alchemists,"" the alchemist continued."
"You and I aren't like Hassan, that rich merchant."
He prepared himself a sandwich and drank some hot tea from a crystal glass.
"""Lots of places sell tea around here,"" the merchant said."
The boy wanted to take her hand.
Now it will be with hope.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
"It's a man who understands nature and the world."
Henderson stood up with a spade in his hand.
"But they really don't know what they're saying."
Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.
He dressed in his Arabian clothing of white linen, bought especially for this day.
"The desert didn't answer him for a few moments."
The thing itself was almost entirely buried in sand.
"""I don't much like change,"" he said."
From where he sat, he could observe the plaza.
And also because I know about the Soul of the World, he thought to himself.
He moved about, invisible but everyone could hear him.
It seemed so safe and tranquil.
Once again he was experiencing the language without words...
The alchemist was a bit daunting, but, as the boy drank the wine, he relaxed.
He paused, and his eyes were still unfriendly.
The boy was also saddened; his friend was in pursuit of his destiny.
Maybe the alchemist has never been in love, the boy thought.
"""What's the fifth obligation?"" the boy asked."
The Tradition teaches men how to cross the desert, and how their children should marry.
The next day, he gave his son a pouch that held three ancient Spanish gold coins.
The boy remembered an old proverb from his country.
"""There's a caravan leaving today for Al-Fayoum."""
"""Why did you want to see me?"" the boy asked."
"Today, I understand something I didn't see before: every blessing ignored becomes a curse."
He decided to spend the night there.
Dozens of the prettiest little homes you ever saw.
And now an Amanda Derek Convention!
And find out where the nearest telegraph office is.
Artisanal gin bar, seriously?!
"I'm terribly sorry she isn't here."
Despair is something that haunts us at night.
You have missed more than two decades of rapid progress in image processing.
"This isn't for me to decide."
"That couldn't be one of the Matthew boys?"
Dennis was not a business man.
That saved his life.
"I'm smoking too much."
She wants to talk to Uncle Francis.
We returned to the cemetery.
You know you did.
The plastic barrier shattered.
A man down on earth needs our help.
The medical industry saves lives.
Are you going to call me?
The text is often unnecessarily obscure.
I could get a company doctor in twenty minutes.
Judge Tully is in.
"Let's call him up!"
"I'm a sucker for it."
"You're not fooling anybody."
Venus is far too hot for exploration.
"I didn't do anything."
Earlier this year, we found a really nice place near my office, and we moved in together.
Where do you come in?
"They're forming Clubs."
John Catherine topped them all.
Did you see Uncle Jake with any cash last night?
"She doesn't have the money."
We felt that something was following us through the woods.
"And I'm sorry to say that the congestion is increasing."
This is what I wished for.
"Evidently we're the floor show."
Smith is the name on the marriage license.
The Fine Manufacturing Company was a bookkeeper for fourteen years.
Brenda Peters just escaped from the County Jail.
"Crooks don't pay taxes."
If only we could see it.
You get yourself an education.
How do you like that?
And about you too!
The place is so full of cockroaches.
Who is responsible for these parrots?
A stone flounder is the textbook definition of effective camouflage.
She retracted her statement.
"Don't try to move."
"Don't worry about that."
Less pressure is needed when playing your clarinet.
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
It was just ripe enough to eat.
Now you got me.
I guess you forgot something.
One of these days is tomorrow.
Gentlemen of the Press!
How long is what?
"But I haven't been able to do it."
The track pad on this laptop needs calibrating.
This is going to sound like a digression, but bear with me.
Nobody knew who Malcolm was.
He managed to cure his RSI completely over several months, but he never stopped using his voice.
"I'm not the first woman to die for preaching it."
Then they got ahold of some dough and went goofy.
What am I doing?
"And that's another thing."
The article should contain URL where the dataset can be downloaded.
Most algorithms are not very sensitive to the type of normalization used.
"If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire."
But a lovely chap!
"It doesn't have to rhyme!"
Take a couple of seconds.
Bullying is still a problem in our society.
Bush leagues mostly.
I got it all ready.
Then I suggest you call one of them.
"I said I wish I'd never been born."
With bow and arrow the veterinarian shot a needle that deafened the cheetah.
Without questioning he said what the screen of his computer dictated to him.
My lady could not express her disapproval.
"How'd you get in here?"
Proteins have many functions in the human body.
"I think it's plenty terrific!"
You want the moon?
Everyone should have health insurance.
The method does not have to be the best.
And a million and one other things.
"I didn't frisk him."
It was just ripe enough to eat.
Is that okay?
The building has been the home base of the illegal enterprise for decades.
"I've just sworn in four hundred deputies."
"That's an intrinsic error."
"They found a cactus in a passenger's luggage at the airport's security check."
First I gotta tell her what news to get!
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
What have you done with them?
This post will teach you how to set up the basic voice recognition environment.
"Unfortunately, I haven't found a way to seamlessly integrate this into my vocabulary."
Suddenly, there is so much more time in a day because she no longer has to spend hours commuting.
I may have overslept.
He was not able to find words for his feelings.
What time is it?
Did you get it?
Some people prefer not to quantify their feelings that way.
You could run an interview that would prove it.
Every purchase is a vote.
Phosphorus is not a semiconductor.
"If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on."
"I don't know about war."
"She, as a member of the king's holy knights, had sworn an oath."
Would you like a cappuccino?
"I ain't gonna squeal!"
She said durable not novel when it comes to chairs.
The police finally manage to get him out of the park!
Who asked you to get stuck with any of them?
She went backpacking around Europe with a friend from high school.
How did it start?
The arrow was pointing to the exit.
Embedded scripts from external sources can harm the users privacy.
The cat sat on the fence.
As independent studies document, the Neanderthals developed simple tools such as spears.
And the last one?
"It's good to see you."
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
But my business is cooking.
Thought there might be one left over.
This is a Big Deal for hands-free coding.
His mother showed him how to download photos from his phone.
He nodded and said nothing.
"This convention's gonna cost plenty."
"That's not my money!"
"They'll believe him."
What were you when you came here five years ago?
I wonder what Molly put in those tacos?
On the street where you live.
Benjamin was snacking on strips of bacon.
"It's only a few words mumbled over you by a judge."
Some people prefer not to quantify their feelings that way.
"But first you've got to get what's coming to you!"
This behavior of neural networks is sometimes called dreaming.
My roommate’s boyfriend is taking up two shelves of fridge space with his beer.
"""I still have no idea what to do next with my raspberry pi"", Emmett sighed."
"Oxygen is important for us, but some bacteria don't need it at all."
And who hired you for this?
"""How many hens are there for one cock?"", I asked the farmer."
How much do you want?
Did you check your laser?
Oh, you are, eh?
Do you see that?
How do you make that out?
What does he look like?
Angela is pregnant, she told me.
Let what must be, happen.
Have I offended you?
No, but it is nice to meet you.
Check whether the website is funded by ads, donations, or others.
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
What else am I to do?
"You said it yourself, he doesn't trust easily."
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
What joy there is in living?
"""What a load of trash"", Sarah opined."
"What's to be done?"
What did I tell you?
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
Now, imagine a guy walking through that door and starting to give orders with a heavy accent.
Perhaps, we could meet at the institute around noon since I have a few things I need to attend to first.
Roll the dice, please.
Kidneys are transplanted often, because every healthy person has two of them.
"No, we don't laminate our business cards."
Salmon is one of the most popular fish and very delicious, though usually not sustainable.
How do I know?
What can you do?
Rich here, poor hereafter.
"Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know."
Oh Lord, give me patience – immediately!
Why do you ask?
You can hear out of it.
"And don't wear your high hat!"
Might start to rain again.
"It's all right if you want to smoke your cigar now."
I can see that right now.
"I'm going out and find them!"
"That's not so bad."
"Are you really Fred's brother?"
"He'll drive you batty!"
I wish it were as simple as that.
"What's the matter with you boys?"
Riding a bicycle over rocky roads is difficult.
So you combined pleasure with business!
"You're just the one I wanted to see."
It was a useful reminder to complete the task.
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
So that was it.
Do you know that I threw it away?
"That's what she said the last time."
"I think maybe you'd better."
Never mind about that.
Take me out of here!
"I'm playing for keeps."
August may have ended early.
Look at it today.
"They're recognizing Great Britain."
"I shouldn't have done that."
"There's nothing wrong with the books."
What would I have to say?
And will I tell Ray!
"You're a newspaper man."
His grandfather was a snake.
"What's the matter with you two guys?"
You fight it cut.
Do you know what C.I.A. stands for?
How do you like it?
"Before he gets through tonight he'll ruin us all!"
But, as time passed, Tangier had changed.
"But he didn't need to worry about that right now."
He arose and, taking up his crook, began to awaken the sheep that still slept.
It was the first time she had done that.
The boy had never even noticed that there was a hole in his pouch.
Fatima appeared at the entrance to the tent.
"You'll be the counselor of the oasis."
The boy was surprised, and then irritated.
On the first day he returned with a rabbit, and on the second with two birds.
They never have to make any decisions, he thought.
the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world.
"""You're in luck, you two,"" the fat Arab said."
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.
"""Well, then, why do we need all these books?"" the boy asked."
That it was unable to deal with this boy who spoke the Language of the World.
"""What is it you're looking for?"" asked the old merchant."
Tomorrow, sell your camel and buy a horse.
"It's not I the wind spoke about."
"""I'm just a man who wanders the desert and knows the stars,"" said the alchemist."
They set off running wildly into the trees.
The boy waited, and then interrupted the old man just as he himself had been interrupted.
"The thief wasn't there, and the owner brought him a cup of tea."
"He wasn't an alchemist!"
He was shaken into wakefulness by someone.
The hand with the whip pointed to the south.
It was a tent like many at the oasis.
"The problem is that they don't even realize that they're walking a new road every day."
The shop folks were taking down their shutters, and people were opening their bedroom windows.
"It's called the principle of favorability, beginner's luck."
The monk laughed when he saw me come back in tatters.
They become a part of everything...
It was faintly marked with transverse stripes and slightly flattened from the perfect round.
"We don't know what's in the confounded thing, do you?"
But he found it much more interesting to observe the caravan and listen to the wind.
He decided to concentrate on more practical matters.
They must be used to their new shepherd, and have probably already forgotten me.
At night, they spread their sleeping gear and kept their fires hidden.
"""I think they're going to last for a long time,"" he said to the monk."
"I'm sorry it's impossible."
They represent millions of voters!
"You look at me as if you didn't know me."
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
"We've existed since time began."
Despair is something that haunts us at night.
Mister Kristen has something to say to us.
"There are some things a person just can't do!"
You can get them for me!
"Where's your coat and hat?"
She loves to read, but is unsure how reading is helping her become more creative.
"Everybody knows you're a sweetheart."
"I thought sure you'd remember me."
They have their eyes glued on his face.
"But we've all got to get in there and play!"
"That's exactly what I thought."
"And what's the matter with a thousand dollars?"
"I'm at the end of my rope."
"She's kind and sweet and considerate."
The reprieve for George.
A little lemongrass should freshen it up.
what can I do now?
"Glad he took the ""T"" out of that."
I want to do what I want to do.
Did you want to see me?
Another hour to write it.
Are there any other questions?
Wait a minute.
"What's going on in there?"
"You'd better take it easy."
"I shouldn't have done that."
"There's nothing wrong with the books."
"I'll get it for you."
"Doesn't that make sense?"
Did you finish the interview?
This is a trick to get your sympathy.
"You've got swell form."
"I'm not gonna talk about them."
Many soldiers of world war two have never been buried on a grave yard.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
The bank refused my deposit request.
A short sleep taken about mid-day.
"A good friend is one's nearest relation."
He did not look up.
"Albert Einstein's famous equation E equals MC squared is one of the best known equations in physics."
Drive the screw straight into the wood.
My roommate always causes chaos.
Begin at the beginning.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
The city guard had to be reduced as well due to finance shortages.
Wow, this is a nice table!
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
It takes a good trap to capture a bear.
His Internet connection was too slow.
The mines had to be abandoned.
Fortune attend you!
You should take your time in finding a good doctor.
A backdoor is a deliberate mechanism that is added to a cryptographic algorithm.
Will you breakfast with me?
The car slid on the ice and crashed into the wall.
The bit between the two car parks?
"This investment won't pay off."
Much of the story makes good sense.
The cinnamon desktop is not as widespread as gnome.
He looked at me.
The audience clapped enthusiastically after an outstanding performance.
Only a minority of literature is written this way.
Okay, that seems fair.
The allies lost another airborne division during the raid.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Seize the day.
I think her name is Olivia.
I thought you knew.
Yeah, I like that.
What are you doing?
Fedric was unable to find his lucky marble.
The steady drip is worse than a drenching rain.
"The Phantom of the Opera is the only musical I've ever seen."
We should celebrate our anniversary in the new karaoke bar.
"I can't find the ruler in my pencil case."
Take the winding path to reach the lake.
Ship technology has improved.
Where did it come from then?
"The soft cushion broke the man's fall."
The young girl gave no clear response.
Rules are made to be broken.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
After I had finished the first batch of papers, I was getting into the workflow.
After passing her final exam she will have a bachelor of science degree in chemistry.
See you later!
My nurse told me his name.
Gone is gone. No good in crying over spilt milk.
Do you know what he was last working on?
But that was out of the question.
Sever the twine with a quick snip of the knife.
"It can't possibly be true that we won."
I need to pay rent and keep the doors open.
So much the better.
Even the worst will beat his low score.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
Detach the hydrogen atom from the cyanide molecule.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
He had to take him prisoner.
The slush lay deep along the street.
The line where the edges join was clean.
Weave the carpet on the right hand side.
Just give me more time.
If not true, it is very ingenious.
Do you know what kind of package it was?
What on earth is the matter?
Paper is very flammable.
In addition, the feature axis is configurable.
Post-office A happy New Year to you!
His grandfather was an abusive alcoholic.
A force equal to that would move the earth.
Man and woman employed by Mongolian Barbecue stand at counter.
The dog tries to bite a big blue ball.
A woman climbs up a cliff
The downside of this approach is that you will have to remember to pause between commands of these two different classes.
A man in a white kayak is kayaking in a rocky river.
A man wearing a helmet is jumping his bike down a staircase.
A street that is full of shops.
A crowd of police officers standing in the street.
A young woman in a pink outfit practices martial arts on a covered patio.
No more we live like pigs in the field.
Two individuals, a male and a female, standing in a forested area around a tub.
A man on the street making a painting from a photo.
Vendor selling drinks in a stall.
a group of people out on the water.
The night sky in the desert.
Two people are walking towards a wooded building.
The little girl in the white dress is looking at a book with her mother.
A woman talking to people sitting around her.
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path.
The alarm clock was set for twenty past three.
A dog running in the surf.
A person dressed in blue is riding a motorcycle.
This is a multiracial conversation between men walking in a warm climate.
Just align your car orthogonal to the parking lot.
Someone is crawling under a large rock.
A darkhaired man in seated on a cinder block in front of a painted wall.
Girls in red and white striped uniforms standing in a field.
give me the movie times
Someone bent down cleaning poles.
A woman and a man standing on top of red seesaws.
A man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
A family picnics in a park with a greenhouse in the background.
a man on stage singing into a microphone.
A woman sitting at a table in a bar.
A male AfricanAmerican wearing jeans and a camouflage jacket, walks and laughs with another man.
A skier is falling into the snow.
Two men on a street, one holding a red flag.
Two boys and a girl dressed in traditional clothing.
My review of the sun: one star.
"""I don't know how to find life in the desert,"" the boy said."
He told them all to be seated.
When the sun sets, the men will once again surrender their arms to me.
two horsemen waiting ahead of them.
At most, they thought that another meteorite had descended.
Having heard that, the boy became even more interested in alchemy.
The boy went to his room and packed his belongings.
"""I asked him to let me use the kitchen for a while,"" the alchemist smiled."
Then he dropped his spade, picked up his jacket, and came out into the road.
"I was wondering if you could tell me a bit more about what it's like to live and work there. "
Fatima appeared at the entrance to the tent.
The horseman was completely immobile, as was the boy.
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
So immerse yourself in it.
She knows that men have to go away in order to return.
The Emerald Tablet is a direct passage to the Soul of the World.
He was sure the girl would never understand.
If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you.
"""There are rumors of tribal wars,"" he told them."
Relaxed and unhurried, he resolved that he would walk through the narrow streets of Tangier.
They called it the simum, and it was worse than a storm at sea.
"""I am proud of you,"" he said."
Two more months passed, and the shelf brought many customers into the crystal shop.
If what one finds is made of pure matter, it will never spoil.
I wanted to sleep a little longer, he thought.
"That's the point at which most people give up."
I myself heard nothing of that.
The boy spent a sleepless night.
The monk laughed when he saw me come back in tatters.
"""But that's why you created the game in the first place,"" the boy answered."
"When I'm eating, that's all I think about."
And they attacked an empty tent.
The alchemist probably already knew all that.
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of here.
The caravans had been stopped at Giza for some time, waiting for the wars to end.
"He didn't know the man yet, but his practiced eye would recognize him when he appeared."
I was impatient to see it opened.
It was the most delicious wine he had ever tasted.
"""Let's,"" the alchemist answered."
Take good care of him.
"An ultimatum from Edward and this one's final!"
"I've heard her speak of you."
"Jennifer is making the nine o'clock train."
The router overheated and needed to be restarted.
"In a weeks time, we're going to America."
"You've got everything all set?"
"It's all right if you want to smoke your cigar now."
Get the Bulletin Board!
You killed all three of them for nothing.
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
There are only eight flags up there now.
I just came in to get warm.
You keep out of this.
"I've suddenly become quite important."
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
Are you going to believe every lie he tells you?
How much is it worth?
"She's a feisty little ferret."
Then where is your gun?
One that will write.
You tell the police department to pick up Eddie.
"But that's what they gave me."
"""I needed to concentrate more"", cried Jasper."
"I'll always remember it."
And up a dime.
Send those other people in.
"I'll show you what I'm doing."
And you know it.
Was the doctor here?
Somehow, the purple colour faded to gray.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
One must prepare for it.
"I don't know how to explain it."
"It's easy to do here in the kitchen."
Christmas Eve at midnight?
"You're supposed to be the one that has all the answers."
"I didn't have time to get some stylish underwear."
Look at the bottle you took the powder from.
All of the resources were used up.
"""I don't know how to find life in the desert,"" the boy said."
At his side was the young Arab the boy had spoken with earlier.
The boy turned to the hand that wrote all.
"And he hadn't perceived them because he had become accustomed to them."
"But he didn't need to worry about that right now."
There is a universal language, understood by everybody, but already forgotten.
Then the old man began to inspect the sheep, and he saw that one was lame.
"""Everyone has his or her own way of learning things,"" he said to himself."
He had not a cent in his pocket, but he had faith.
And look how many things the wind already knew how to do!
So immerse yourself in it.
"Maybe we're all that way, the boy mused."
"""And what do you do in Salem?"" he insisted."
For at that time, it had not occurred to him that it might be hollow.
The desert was all sand in some stretches, and rocky in others.
Even when all you want to do is travel?
The horse reared again, raising a cloud of dust.
have trusted more in your love for Fatima.
We know that, and we are used to it.
"The boy didn't say anything."
He noticed the unequal cooling of its surface.
He had done this for years, and knew the schedule of everyone who passed.
"""You have a mania for simplifying everything,"" answered the Englishman, irritated."
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
"That's true enough, the boy thought, ruefully."
or a man into the wind.
"I'm going to them."
"""Always heed the omens,"" the old king had said."
"Even me — I haven't thought of other women since I met the merchant's daughter."
The boy was also saddened; his friend was in pursuit of his destiny.
But maybe people who felt that way had never learned the universal language.
"And the solid part was called the Philosopher's Stone."
The vision vanished immediately, but it had shaken him.
He had surprised himself with the thought.
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza.
I want to see the chieftains.
"""There's a caravan leaving today for Al-Fayoum."""
"""But I'm going in search of my treasure,"" the boy said."
It required no explanation, just as the universe needs none as it travels through endless time.
The old man returned the book to the boy.
Do you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
Without haste, yet without rest unhasting, yet unresting.
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
"""Another reason why Apple is superior to Microsoft"", the troll posted and grabbed some popcorn for the subsequent flame war."
What is his name?
Where are you going?
What was she like?
"Read some books, won't you?"
When is the usual monsoon period in Bangladesh?
In the morning, I will visit the dentist.
Where will you go?
A tongue of honey, a heart of gall.
What makes you think so?
What are you thinking of?
Nice, genial, jolly.
Do you know who I am?
With skin and hair completely, thoroughly out and out.
Can you please check your inventory?
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
May I sit down?
If you want it, you must take it.
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
Where is it, then?
Well, what of it?
In surprise finish, the final score was seven to five.
For example, Colombia, Chile, Argentina and Venezuela.
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
"C'mon, we need to turn on our GPS so we don't end up in the middle of nowhere."
LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
Why are gully covers round?
"It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt."
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
"Did you see the chap over there with his arms in the air like he just doesn't care?"
Yes, it would be.
A group of people, one of them with a guitar, were sitting by the campfire and singing songs.
What are you laughing at?
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
After all the spinning had stopped, Megan felt better.
"Dude, you've got swag!"
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Kidneys are transplanted often, because every healthy person has two of them.
The Englishman vanished, too, gone to find the alchemist.
"The publicity's the main thing."
An hour later, he had before him a chest of Spanish gold coins.
Those Gypsies are really smart, he thought.
"You're supposed to be a smart guy!"
"It's too bad that he's quickly going to forget my name, he thought."
One by one, the campfires were extinguished, and the oasis fell as quiet as the desert.
I am in search of that universal language, among other things.
"""Now leave us alone,"" said the boy to the young Arab."
After all, what he had always wanted was just that: to know new places.
That was a little girl named Mary Hatch.
The alchemist lighted the fire, and soon a delicious aroma filled the tent.
When the lead had become liquid, the alchemist took from his pouch the strange yellow egg.
"It's done in America all the time."
The speech will continue.
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night.
"I'm dying for what I believe."
Wait just a minute now.
"Everybody knows you're a sweetheart."
Everything I say is right.
My tax dollars pay for those public school proms.
"The Taylor Jean movement isn't dead yet."
But they could never have taught him Arabic.
"""There are rumors of tribal wars,"" he told them."
The stranger seemed satisfied with the answer.
I want to get something out of it.
Kidneys are transplanted often, because every healthy person has two of them.
Help my friend Mr. Richard.
Night after night Holly came back late from the office.
"They don't like those articles I've been writing."
The war continued, and at times the wind carried the sweet, sickly smell of blood.
He paused for a moment to see if the woman knew what the Egyptian pyramids were.
There was hardly any movement from the pit.
"You can't do that to me!"
Let me tell you what will happen.
"You don't have to sign anything."
Their faces were hidden behind blue veils, with only their eyes showing.
I got doctor bills to pay.
The boy began to dig into the dune.
You know I would.
"I'm beginning to realize that."
That man is terrific!
Your government is counting on you.
"Why didn't they wake me?"
Technically, breaking a mirror is not five years, but seven years of bad luck.
The penguin waddles across the ice, joining her companions.
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
What do you make of it?
What are you up to?
I think it was last Thursday, but I am not sure.
Fine, I agree this could be the case.
Where did they come from?
What did he do?
No, I have a single mattress and my office floor.
"I don't suppose there's some sort of index to all this?"
Is that how your niece began?
What does it mean?
"""I have clearly been discriminated because of my sex"", the feminist complained."
Like master, like man.
By area, Quebec is the largest province of Canada.
"If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again."
Forget it, there is no such thing.
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Have you the key?
Have you seen Hollie?
If the cap fits, wear it.
After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile.
"And just how do you think we're going to manage that?"
Any volunteers?
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
Well, we shall see.
Hello, Benjamin.
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
What game do you want to play?
Wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his Lekrjahre, to acquire further experience.
In general, people have difficulties estimating risks correctly.
For polarized light, the end of the vector lies on the surface of the sphere.
When he was in hospital, the nurse took an x-ray photograph of his arm.
"Don't you think so?"
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
Why would I want to do that?
Was that question rhetorical?
"Yeah, I'm talking to you."
I am not sure.
She decided against it.
"It's an old dog for a hard road."
Can I pay in cash?
The lens was heavy, but it had an amazing zoom.
Ah, how might one go about getting such a pass?
Oh, is that all?
Well, this is a pretty long shot, but why the heck not?
Did you do that?
Why are you not at work?
Please wait a moment while I am investigating the issue.
When was the last time you spoke with him prior to his departure?
"Last night my little sister crawled into my bed, after she'd had a nightmare."
How did you know?
Is he a drunkard or what?
They would like to meet you to discuss matters in person.
What is your name?
Sports, music, cooking and other topics are covered.
In retrospect, everything was already decided when we heard the siren.
To be fully funded, some lending must occur.
I go with a random approach to word order in German.
I sucked at it, but it was much more fun than most normal chess games.
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
What was it all about?
Do you know it?
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
"Reading or not, it's to you, really."
A pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last.
What are you thinking of?
"There is nothing left behind in Aditya's old house."
Seventeen students admired that Sam and Sally are both the smartest in their class.
What is his name?
What can I do?
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
What are you doing here?
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
What was her name?
Where is my wife?
Would the Right Honorable Lady opposite please clarify the concerns from her constituency?
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
The TNT blows up the granite, forming a tunnel to the coal and iron ore.
How bad can a boss be?
"Still not sure why you'd want to do it though."
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
He had found where his treasure was, and was frightened at what might happen.
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
He had helped him out in a dangerous situation.
How do I guess at the future?
And yet, none of these people has ever met the old king.
"""The desert fills men's hearts with visions,"" the camel driver answered."
At the camp, it was difficult to see anything.
"But there was something there in his heart that wouldn't allow him to do so."
He had studied Latin, Spanish, and theology.
There was a murmur from the crowd.
I left my father, my mother, and the town castle behind.
"That's why I feel that I deserve a part of what you find."
Maktub, thought the boy.
I pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light.
"I don't want to change anything, because I don't know how to deal with change."
Henderson stood up with a spade in his hand.
The alchemist dismounted slowly, and the boy did the same.
"""Be careful with your prognostications,"" said the stranger."
Another person was there to help him toward his destiny.
The thought was so dreadful to him that he forgot about the heat and went forward.
"Replace the Ts in Tim Tebow's name with any other consonant to get a Star Wars character"
The sunset faded into twilight before anything else happened.
"""I'm coming, Fatima,"" he said."
"""I noticed that,"" the boy answered."
"""I'm an alchemist simply because I'm an alchemist,"" he said, as he prepared the meal."
"'And this is what your son said,' the angel told the man."
"If I'm on the march, I just concentrate on marching."
He wanted to forget about the vision, and return to his meditation.
The boy watched as his companion went to his horse and withdrew a scimitar.
As he sat there thinking, he sensed movement above him.
He hoped that it would be someone as capable as his previous apprentice.
"""I don't understand what you're talking about,"" the desert said."
"""I've crossed these sands many times,"" said one of the camel drivers one night."
But it is not a class that was requested by our alumni or prospective students.
They become a part of everything...
Suddenly, there is so much more time in a day because she no longer has to spend hours commuting.
The boy remembered an old proverb from his country.
He was twenty minutes from his tent, and began to make his way there.
That he wanted to travel.
I don’t mind working from home most of the time, but I do miss having coworkers.
Another trick, the boy thought.
The first day passed.
"He didn't know the man yet, but his practiced eye would recognize him when he appeared."
It required no explanation, just as the universe needs none as it travels through endless time.
The Englishman had been profoundly impressed by the story.
The man looked at the angel in surprise.
A girl showing an art creation.
A group of people are waiting in a line outside of a building.
a bride is holding a champagne glass next to a man in a blue shirt and necktie.
A man in a cowboy hat is bending over to work in the garden.
The man in the black shirt is playing the electric keyboard.
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park.
A woman on the beach is covered in seaweed.
A man in a business suit walking on the sidewalk.
Man and a woman walking on the street
A man grips onto his walking stick as he hikes the rough terrain.
A police officer, with many items around his waist, is ordering something at a cafe.
A man jumping on a skiing board.
Two arab men laughing and joking
Man in red carries flowers as a dog follows.
add lunacy to my chill out playlist
A man is giving a presentation in front of three people.
A cook is posing for a camera while cooking.
Children playing on a playground.
Children playing soccer, one in the process of kicking the ball.
A young man watches as a Jenga tower tumbles.
Three people in a green house.
Four darkskinned people working on a project
A mailman poses with his cart in front of a residential building.
an overhead view of a painter working on a scaffold.
There are people walking down a sidewalk in a Japanese city.
A young boy splashes in the pool.
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
A group of people dressed in costumes singing.
Several people dressed in orange shirts and jeans sing and dance outdoors.
Two male spectators
Workers wearing orange reflective vests walking along train tracks.
Instructor on Basket weaving at fair
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background.
Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.
Group of Asians recording some video.
One dog is standing on the beach as another dog runs into the ocean.
Many people are walking around outside.
Two people are looking out of a storefront window.
A young boy with his tongue hanging out playing at the beach.
Two women stand near a large mixer as they prepare dough.
This young girl is enjoying the innocence of childhood and warm weather.
A wakeboarder is performing a trick on a rail.
A snowboarder is flying in the air attempting to land on a snow mound.
Several people are gathered in a room with a bulletin board and small television.
Five children are playing in the snow.
A group of women sit on the back of a flatbed truck.
"I don't blame you."
"You've got the brain of a pancake."
I went swimming with dolphins yesterday.
"Don't put yourself out."
The sparrow and the songbird danced along the fence.
The lightbulbs need changing again.
"I'm just a fool."
"It didn't change anything."
How about that one there?
How do you expect me to get any work done?
Where are they gone?
You do all the hiring around here.
"Don't you know me?"
The seventeen-year-old girl gently pushed his hand away as he touched her belly.
"I'll see you get it in fifteen minutes."
"Your luck's not with you now."
Where did he keep his money?
"The manufacturer called this helicopter ""tiger""."
"You can send somebody with me if you don't believe me!"
No, no thanks, just looking.
Did you tell them that funny story you told me yesterday?
"What's the good of arguing about something that probably doesn't exist?"
The carpet was exquisite.
"What's my name doing on it?"
"You've never been born."
"I'm a sucker for it."
The smoker cleared his lungs of phlegm.
"I'm going to live a normal life and have a home."
That insane android continues to ignore me.
"Where'd you get it?"
It considers the horizontal dimension as time.
As if I had the money back in a safe.
"I don't want to be City Sealer."
You do what you want with this thing.
Has Melanie Scott been in the papers?
"Jade's cordless drill has become faulty."
Many of whom are homeless and hungry.
Get the riot gear!
Can I help you?
Are you trying to make me out a liar?
I wish I could go back to the hospital.
"You'd lie about anything."
How are you doing today?
But we can start clean now.
"I'm not working for any other paper!"
This is Mr. Zach Carter.
He remembered something his grandfather had once told him: that butterflies were a good omen.
"I'm never more aware of a room's acoustics than when I'm trying to enjoy a snack I have no intention of sharing."
"""I don't know how to find life in the desert,"" the boy said."
On the second day, the boy climbed to the top of a cliff near the camp.
The boy turned to the hand that wrote all.
But there they saw a crystal shop that offered refreshing mint tea.
The wind began to pick up.
"""What is love?"" the desert asked."
The shop was busy, and the man asked the shepherd to wait until the afternoon.
It spoke of journeys, discoveries, books, and change.
He began to dig at the base of the sycamore.
And he gave the boy his blessing.
Neighbors moved away, and there remained only a few small shops on the hill.
The boy observed in silence the progress of the animals and people across the desert.
none of this ha d made an impression on the boy.
"""Like everybody learns,"" he said."
Coming home, a party of tourists passed us, singing and playing music.
"""Exactly,"" answered the alchemist."
He is going to transform himself into the wind, just to demonstrate his powers.
"The boy didn't want to talk about the Pyramids."
Eventually, the merchant had to hire two more employees.
"""That makes sense,"" the alchemist answered."
Arabs often appeared in the city, shopping and chanting their strange prayers several times a day.
The boy reached the small, abandoned church just as night was falling.
I read only what the birds wanted to tell me.
"""This is the first phase of the job,"" he said."
"If I'm on the march, I just concentrate on marching."
He wanted to forget about the vision, and return to his meditation.
The boy prodded them, one by one, with his crook, calling each by name.
Fatima was more important than his treasure.
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
The boy told him then that he needed to get to the Pyramids.
Just handling them made him feel better.
I myself heard nothing of that.
But you are forcing me to look at wealth and at horizons I have never known.
"""How come you speak Spanish?"" he asked."
The boy leapt as well, but away from the alchemist.
"""I've never had one before,"" the merchant answered."
"Because you'll know its dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them."
It was difficult not to think about what he had left behind.
If you pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it.
"""I didn't know shepherds knew how to read,"" said a girl's voice behind him."
The boy promised himself that, when he returned from Egypt, he would buy that sword.
He had surprised himself with the thought.
But, just before lunchtime, a boy stopped in front of the shop.
We always observe the Tradition.
The alchemist knocked on the gate of the monastery.
The Beatles were a famous English rock band.
The orchestra has its debut today.
As like as two peas.
Constable Beaver was leaning over the balustrade and observing the happenings around the pavilion.
I cannot do that.
Take a chance and win a china doll.
I am so glad.
Seventeen gardeners are working this afternoon.
That was the question.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
The beaten path is safest.
When will the train arrive this morning?
"Beggars can't be choosers."
One picture in the gallery shows how diligent slaves erect the statue of admiral Thompson.
Fish and chips are too high in cholesterol.
There was no reply.
I really thought you were behind all this.
"Stone buildings don't burn."
Many of the old buildings still exist today.
We will not have any money left.
"A group of doctors examined the patient's medical charts."
The bill was paid every third week.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
Michael Jackson began his career as part of the Jackson Five.
My office is located on level fifteen.
A ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw.
Turn to the right.
The bank pressed for payment of the debt.
Mighty oaks from tiny acorns grow.
Many hands make light work.
Cristiano Ronaldo has won twenty four trophies in his career.
I took her for a rose, but she turned out a thorn.
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Fourteen silly looking clowns waltzed together in the park eliciting laughter as they pirouetted.
I have blisters on my hands because I was bouldering yesterday.
Security, kick this guy out!
Today, tourism is one of the major economic factors inside the city.
Delete this file.
Schools for ladies teach charm and grace.
The biggest bedroom had a small, ornate fireplace on one wall which had seen recent use judging by the ashes crumbling in the grate.
"It's all in a days work."
The sheep were led home by a dog.
"It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?"
The long journey home took a year.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
What sort of man is he?
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
Fairy tales should be fun to write.
What was she like?
"Get up, we're going shopping."
Have you the key?
Look John, I just cannot support that.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
What is it, boss?
"There's no point in disclaiming, we have everything on tape."
Java is not only an island, but also a popular programming language.
"So you don't believe it was stolen at all?"
What are you up to?
"She wasn't home, a neighbour said that he didn't think she came in last night."
But what are we to do?
"So you haven't heard about the Bezier Tool, right?"
Necessity is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.
What is it all about?
I promise, I will be careful!
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
What is the weather in Brazil during the summer?
Have you seen Hollie?
If you are well off, remain so.
"To check one To pull the fell hide, skin over one's ears."
Oh, what is it?
For this entire evening, you have been staring at that waitress!
Will that suit you?
He took his plate, grabbed a knife and fork and scowled at the savagery on television.
To summarize, our comprehensive survey discloses the true versatility of their method.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
Well, what of that?
"Apparently, it's the dumplings that make this stew taste so good."
Where is my dress?
I think the party was an amusement for most of the guests, but Mirco felt really out of place.
The majority always claims to be pacifist, BUT ...
When did you see him last?
Fine, I agree this could be the case.
"""I don't know,"" she said."
Can it be changed?
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
No wonder this vanilla yogurt tastes disgusting: Its eat-by date was last year.
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
This ballad is so catchy, I love it!
Where did they come from?
Hamilton quaternions can be used to replace many matrices, but not to represent view frustums.
"No, he's loyal."
Mommy, can we have a puppy please?
Come on, I can handle it.
"Sorry, I'll explain more when I actually understand what's going on."
What did it mean?
How could this happen?
Four doors lead from the landing into two bedrooms, a closet, and a small, but functional bathroom.
What are you doing there?
You know, singing karaoke with you makes me realize how good of a singer I am.
"Why can't I skip this damn intro?"
We should all go back to living in the trees, much simpler.
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
Affirmative, a breaching charge is available.
Oh, to be sure!
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
"When you're at a party and somebody says ""banana bread"", a sniper might be near you."
Good morning, how are you?
No, have you checked on the counter?
"Why didn't you object when you could?"
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
As the flag unfurled, they all hollered like wild beasts.
How could I help it?
Lions hunt their prey with sprints, whereas wolves take advantage of their stamina.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
How much do you want?
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
No, nothing at all.
"I'm not so much into anatomy, where's the bladder again?"
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
"""Never to come on a green twig;"" not to get on in the world."
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
Do you know me?
What is the matter?
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
Why did you do it?
No compliments, pray Without ceremony, Without the organ, Without repetition.
So why would they want to drop the gold standard if not for the reasons they claim?
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
No, they were selected at random.
Hm, that does seem difficult.
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
Might I use your phone?
How do I know?
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
"In a weeks time, we're going to America."
Oh, I beg your pardon!
It was harassment, pure and simple.
"""That homicide case is giving me headaches"", the police officer said."
"""How many hens are there for one cock?"", I asked the farmer."
"What's the matter with you?"
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
"What's all this about a necklace?"
Do you see that?
"I'm trying to explain to my mother how to get pictures off her phone."
The boy was sad as he left her that day.
He followed the movement of the birds, trying to read something into it.
Mary told me that she got to meet up with you while she was back in San Francisco.
Now his intuition was that he had been right in coming.
Then he turned to the boy: this time his expression was cold and distant.
"Don't ask me why; I don't know why."
"If I don't find it, I can always go home."
A large portion of the cylinder had been uncovered.
He saw the boy appear from the other side of the dunes.
"And, above all, don't forget to follow your destiny through to its conclusion."
This man looked exactly the same, except that now the roles were reversed.
The boy thought it a strange question.
"""People from all over the world have passed through this village, son,"" said his father."
"""Tell me more about your dream,"" said the woman."
as was Mecca for the merchant.
The boy laughed — out of happiness.
"""From where I am,"" the sun said, ""I can see the Soul of the World."
"You can't believe it's not butter?"
The idea frightened him.
"They're just a pile of stones."
The sunset faded into twilight before anything else happened.
I know why I want to get back to my flock, he thought.
"""I'm coming, Fatima,"" he said."
It’s been a long time since she last read Chekhov, and because of that, she no longer feels like the heroine of her own story.
Two more months passed, and the shelf brought many customers into the crystal shop.
They walked together through the narrow streets of Tangier.
"To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation."
"That's the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
They were tribesmen dressed in blue, with black rings surrounding their turbans.
"""I promised that I would make my own decisions,"" he said to himself."
The men fell into an animated discussion.
The alchemist dismounted, and told the escorts they could return to the camp.
The boy was shocked.
"""From here on, you will be alone,"" the alchemist said."
The boy offered his bottle, hoping that the old man would leave him alone.
The monk laughed when he saw me come back in tatters.
My friend bought all the other sheep immediately.
The tribal chieftains will appreciate what you do.
"With every day that passed, the boy's heart became more and more silent."
So, we, their hearts, speak more and more softly.
The top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
"""Who told you about omens?"" The boy's interest was increasing by the moment."
He should respect tradition.
"So you won't blame her."
They could barely see the boy.
I have been waiting for you here at this oasis for a long time.
But before I go, I want to tell you a little story.
"""I need it to get to the Pyramids,"" he said."
The boy and the Englishman had bought camels, and climbed uncertainly onto their backs.
May I come in?
"Ma'am, we are able to upgrade your seat for free."
Now I must go.
There are too many obstacles for the robot to find its way.
"We're going to Glasgow next year."
But this was not to be.
Chickens are adorable.
That’s what it is!
A chip of the old block
The thing is, nobody knew what was happening.
What did he look like?
"I don't know what to do."
He that pays last never pays twice.
The mule trod the treadmill day and night.
A single hair casts a shadow
You can pay in cash or with a credit card.
"Don't worry about me."
Stop bashing Ivy all the time!
The small red neon lamp went out.
Fresh as a daisy.
Where is my dress?
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
The wild huntsman
Reading is not the same as understanding.
What was she to do?
What is the meaning of this?
Presumably Ryan never did any sanity checks.
Is that how your niece began?
A gradual diminishing of time
Do you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
Look before you leap.
The hormone oxytocin is released when a mother breastfeeds her baby.
Christmas is a lot like Easter.
See the player scoot to third base.
"I like reading about medical mysteries, don't you?"
Firewalls can be used to protect a network against intruders.
The same Noise
What can it be?
Every word and phrase he speaks is true.
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
Our religion dictates our actions.
Go now and come here later.
My grippers are made of stainless steel.
Open the window.
Sure, I will be right back.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
with or without accompaniment
I went to Egypt with my grandmother.
"Ripe pears are fit for a queen's table."
Are you sure of that?
The boy became fearful; the omens told him that something was wrong.
"I'm going to find that damned alchemist, the Englishman thought."
He had found where his treasure was, and was frightened at what might happen.
"The Englishman didn't answer him directly."
The woman was silent for some time.
They mounted their horses.
It was the first time she had done that.
"The Soul of the World is nourished by people's happiness."
"You'll marry Fatima, and you'll both be happy for a year."
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
Alchemy is a serious discipline.
He saw the boy appear from the other side of the dunes.
The tea seemed less bitter.
"""He wanted your money,"" he said."
"""Where are you bound?"" asked the young Arab."
Because for him, you are a green field, from which he always returns with game.
At that time, it was quite clear in my own mind that the thing had come from the planet Mars.
"""Does a man's heart always help him?"" the boy asked the alchemist."
The merchant was silent for a few moments.
It seemed such a little thing, so bright and small and still.
"The boy didn't say anything."
If what one finds is made of pure matter, it will never spoil.
"If I'm on the march, I just concentrate on marching."
The sheep will get used to my not being there, too, the boy thought.
The thing itself was almost entirely buried in sand.
The old man said nothing.
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
Did you see the garden that it took the master gardener ten years to create?
But the boy never took his eye off his new friend.
"""Sit down, and let me treat you to something,"" said the boy."
"""There is only one way to learn,"" the alchemist answered."
And he knew that Egypt was in Africa.
He heard a muffled grating sound and saw the black mark jerk forward an inch or so.
just a memory, right now it signified shade, water, and a refuge from the war.
It was the time of day when all of Spain slept during the summer.
"""I want you to help me turn myself into the wind,"" the boy answered."
They were people of the desert, and clamored to hear his stories about the great cities.
"""That's a good luck omen,"" the Englishman said, after the fat Arab had gone out."
There was enough there to buy a lot of weapons.
The oasis is neutral ground.
Based on the omens of the present.
He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.
All they ever do, really, is look for food and water.
"I'm going to become bitter and distrustful of people because one person betrayed me."
"""How did you learn to read?"" the girl asked at one point."
It was his heart that would tell him where his treasure was hidden.
"Maybe because that wasn't really his dream."
"""I can clean up those glasses in the window, if you want,"" said the boy."
"Don't forget that everything you deal with is only one thing and nothing else."
And the names of the people involved were very difficult to pronounce.
The shop is exactly the size I always wanted it to be.
"That's comparing apples and oranges."
"Sometimes it's not the right thing to do the right thing."
"I don't believe it!"
Is there a history of heart disease in your family?
I wonder if C-sections will get more popular than natural births one day.
It takes a lot of help to finish these.
The landing was dimly light by a single, bare, low-power light-bulb.
Dmitry helped me with my homework.
Crack the walnut with your sharp side teeth.
My shampoo is made from coconut and sweet almond.
To err is human To forgive divine.
What are you doing?
"She didn't like the trend of nylon stockings."
You look like one.
Divide and conquer.
I have a confession to make.
Of course he did.
It was too ridiculous, she told herself.
I am going to.
If I knew it, I would have told you.
We all hope I am right.
Sal is good at running.
There is nothing wrong with it.
There the flood mark is ten inches.
A steep trail is painful for our feet.
Embedded scripts from external sources can harm the users privacy.
Don’t be a fool!
I rang the bell.
Behind every great man stands a strong woman.
For example, Colombia, Chile, Argentina and Venezuela.
Two scorpions were menacing each other with their stings.
Did you know that Mohammad was so good at tennis?
That damn mouse could sense my anger.
What do you make of it?
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
"We don't have the budget to produce it in studio quality."
The process of encrypting the hash value of a message is called digital signature.
We threw a surprise birthday party for Ali.
Wow, look how deep this canyon is!
Truth is green bitter
What are they doing?
There was no way to measure anything of that length.
I found a receipt for Caramel Nougat Bars.
This ethical question is referred to as the trolley problem.
A little body doth often harbour a great soul.
His saxophone solo was incredible.
Cables need insulation to prevent short circuits.
The festival happens the last Thursday of the month.
The Londoners regretted visiting this awful place.
The wharf could be seen at the farther shore.
A waxed floor makes us lose balance.
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
The robot was filled with wires and circuit boards.
An empty purse, and a new house, make a man wise, but too late.
A Fabulous tale.
The car sold for twelve thousand four hundred and sixty nine dollars.
A symphony.
The Internet should reflect all of the people who use it.
It’s important that everyone, especially little guys, can participate in the future of the Internet.
You cannot lose what you never had.
"It's still young, but who knows where it will lead us."
"Yeah, don't worry we'll find him."
How do you mean?
The dead have no friends.
What sort of man is he?
Are you ready to hear my counterargument?
Specify the user to log in as on the remote machine.
What do you advise?
Comprising all men capable of bearing arms.
"What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over."
Please tell me more about your symptoms.
Now where could my pipe be?
Get the trust fund to the bank early.
Where are they now?
The least you can do is call Nine-One-One.
Tremulous vibration of a note.
"Well, I don't know."
"I'm sure Carley is not a coward."
I did this to prevent cycling and encourage greater movement through the solution space.
Have you seen my USB dongle?
The period was enabled by novel stone working techniques.
And how do you think I can help lure him out?
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
But he is right.
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
You are quite right.
With a strong accent.
He must crack the nut who would the kernel eat.
"I don't understand you."
"Valuable or not, if he becomes a liability, I'll be forced to clean up after you."
Good luck on the way.
How should I know?
The other bridge was for everyone else.
On the brink of the fourteenth century, nobody had mobile phones.
"I really don't like dress codes."
What was the matter with him?
Mrs. wife lady Miss
Shutting all systems down for the evening.
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
I do like movies, but I prefer cartoons.
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
The cat knows well whose lips she licks.
This is probably because the buildings were made out of stone.
"You can't sacrifice his life for you personal vendetta!"
Two-wave sources are perfectly coherent if they have a constant phase difference and the same frequency.
The term ended in late June that year.
"When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down."
At other times, at a crucial moment, I make it easier for things to happen.
The sun began its departure, as well.
He did find it, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
They mounted their horses.
"""I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure,"" he said to himself."
Advancing slowly, they searched among the stones.
"Maybe she didn't even remember him."
I was torn between fear and curiosity.
I was scared, but wasted no time in going out and crossing the bridge to the sand pits.
He took the fourth part and handed it to the monk.
The boy looked out at the horizon.
"Death doesn't change anything, the boy thought."
He arose and, taking up his crook, began to awaken the sheep that still slept.
The newspaper articles had prepared everyone for the reception of the idea.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
The old woman had said the same thing.
"""You must always know what it is that you want,"" the old king had said."
Its lower end was still embedded.
The Emerald Tablet is a direct passage to the Soul of the World.
His arm seemed to be battling with whatever was in the hole.
I told you that your dream was a difficult one.
The alchemist turned to the boy.
Yeah, it’s definitely worth checking out, especially if the pay is reasonable and the work is good for your career.
Then she again took his hands and studied them carefully.
"He was already re- accustomed to desert's silence."
"He saw that Fatima's eyes were filled with tears."
That night, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
"It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features."
There was surely a baker in her town.
As soon as he saw me among the crowd, he called to me to come down.
As he was attempting to pull out the rocks he encountered, he heard footsteps.
"""I'm an alchemist simply because I'm an alchemist,"" he said, as he prepared the meal."
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
"But he still couldn't flee."
"I don't want anything for myself."
But he kept quiet, because he had heard what the alchemist said to the monk.
"""There is only one way to learn,"" the alchemist answered."
"It's what you have always wanted to accomplish."
"And he wasn't faring much better."
You were seen at the enemy camp three days ago.
I saw the shopkeeper struggling near the edge of the pit.
The little group of people from the city dispersed.
"""They're not my sheep anymore,"" he said to himself, without nostalgia."
Maybe the alchemist has never been in love, the boy thought.
He quickly pulled his hands away.
"""They were given to me as a present by a king,"" the boy said."
You already know about alchemy.
I wanted them to be a part of your inheritance.
The Englishman was disappointed.
There was a loud shriek from a woman standing behind us.
"""Well, he thought about that,"" the old man said."
The boy awoke before dawn.
"Well, then, we've got a problem."
"I need you to be spontaneous. He asked me out to ""din din."""
The camel driver, though, seemed not to be very concerned with the threat of war.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.
Maybe these desert birds could explain to him the meaning of love without ownership.
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
"If you can concentrate always on the present, you'll be a happy man."
Milkshake is best in its chocolate form.
The boy preferred wine.
Then suddenly he noticed it with a start.
"""So, then try,"" he said to the Englishman."
"""Good-bye,"" said the boy."
"Don't ask me why; I don't know why."
I hold the power of life and death for every person I take with me.
Thank you very much.
"Can't you see what it means to my family?"
So you got married?
And he gets it right away.
The Emerald Tablet is a direct passage to the Soul of the World.
Is that what you want me to tell Vincent?
We must stay hidden.
"We'll get you out in ten minutes."
When he emerged, it was with a young Arab, dressed in white and gold.
"I'm an old, superstitious Arab, and I believe in our proverbs."
"Please don't make me."
People saw me coming and welcomed me, he thought.
"""I'm just a man who wanders the desert and knows the stars,"" said the alchemist."
"It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features."
"He really doesn't look so bad."
You can have as many babies as you like.
Can I do something Cassie?
"""They were looking only for gold,"" his companion answered."
"I'm a sucker for it."
Do you know that I threw it away?
"I'm through listening to you!"
Let me see it!
Once again he was experiencing the language without words...
But he takes advantage of you.
He left without saying good-bye to the crystal merchant.
"My friend said: ""I love you."
Where you got him?
But he found it much more interesting to observe the caravan and listen to the wind.
My hamster turned my homework into bedding.
"I shouldn't have done that."
"We'll save them for seed."
What difference does it make what time it is?
"I'm so hungry I could faint."
"I'll be right back."
He seemed unfriendly, and had looked irritated when the boy had entered.
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon.
The boy thought about the crystal merchant.
"So, he asked if the old man's blessing was still with him."
But he decided to take a chance.
"I know very well what you're talking about."
"I didn't mean to shoot him."
The old man returned the book to the boy.
The caravan began to travel day and night.
Hundreds of observers saw the flame that night and the night after.
"""I'm a woman of the desert,"" she said, averting her face."
The men climbed the hill, and they were tired when they reached the top.
"It's too bad that he's quickly going to forget my name, he thought."
"""The alchemist is two hundred years old,"" the Englishman had told him."
"""So you know about love,"" the boy said."
"If you start your emails with ""Greetings"" let me be the first to welcome you to Earth."
He was tense and upset, because he knew that the old man was right.
There is a universal language, understood by everybody, but already forgotten.
"""I asked him to let me use the kitchen for a while,"" the alchemist smiled."
The newspaper articles had prepared everyone for the reception of the idea.
"I'd like you to take me there if you can."
I hold the power of life and death for every person I take with me.
Other servants maintained the fires in the hookahs.
The boy observed in silence the progress of the animals and people across the desert.
"It didn't bring with it the smell of the desert, nor the threat of Moorish invasion."
That night, he told all of this to the alchemist.
The boy thought it a strange question.
When the pan had cooled, the monk and the boy looked at it, dazzled.
And he told what he had seen.
Then he realized that he had been distracted for a few moments, looking at the sword.
Servants came and went with silver trays laden with spices and tea.
"""Well, then, why do we need all these books?"" the boy asked."
That was his work.
"""Well, why don't we go there right now?"" the boy asked."
"He saw that Fatima's eyes were filled with tears."
"""It is I,"" the boy answered."
"Sometime during the second year, you'll remember about the treasure."
"The Englishman's eyes lit up."
But the marketplace was empty, and he was far from home, so he wept.
"""All I saw was an army,"" said the boy."
"The omens will begin insistently to speak of it, and you'll try to ignore them."
But arms cannot be drawn unless they also go into battle.
"""I'm an alchemist simply because I'm an alchemist,"" he said, as he prepared the meal."
He became friendly with the camel driver who traveled alongside him.
"The sword didn't fall."
"""I'm not going to charge you anything now,"" she said."
Then she took both of his hands in hers, and began quietly to pray.
"It's called the principle of favorability."
I found these one day in the fields.
The boy leapt as well, but away from the alchemist.
"If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't truelove..."
Then came the night of the first falling star.
"""What's the fifth obligation?"" the boy asked."
The boy said nothing.
But finally the merchant appeared, and asked the boy to shear four sheep.
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
"That's what alchemists do."
But none of that mattered to the alchemist.
It was better than the scent of the hookahs.
"""We don't know when the war will end, so we can't continue our journey,"" he said."
Something bright reflected from his chest with such intensity that the boy was momentarily blinded.
The camel driver understood what the boy was saying.
They continued across the desert.
"""What do you want here today?"" the desert asked him."
Walking along in the silence, he had no regrets.
The shop is exactly the size I always wanted it to be.
"""There is no wine in this country,"" the young man said."
I couldn’t stop staring at it.
And now it was only four days before he would be back in that same village.
"""The alchemist is two hundred years old,"" the Englishman had told him."
"""I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist,"" the wind said."
Now it will be with hope.
The boy went to his room and packed his belongings.
"But there was something there in his heart that wouldn't allow him to do so."
"""I'm the king of Salem,"" the old man had said."
But the Tradition also says that we should believe the messages of the desert.
One day, the earth began to tremble, and the Nile overflowed its banks.
It sounded like a Gypsy prayer.
So immerse yourself in it.
Other servants maintained the fires in the hookahs.
"""This was my destiny, not yours,"" the alchemist answered."
It was something that I thought could happen only to others, never to me.
I told you that your dream was a difficult one.
The sun was turned into a golden disk.
The day was dawning, and the shepherd urged his sheep in the direction of the sun.
"This wasn't a strange place; it was a new one."
He needed someone to talk to so as to avoid thinking about the possibility of war.
"And that's where the power of love comes in."
My tax dollars pay for those public school proms.
There were raised voices,and some sort of struggle appeared to be going on. .
He thought about asking him to give it back, but decided that would be unfriendly.
But use them to buy your flock.
That night, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
Camels are traitorous: they walk thousands of paces and never seem to tire.
My mind ran on the possibilities of its content.
As he was attempting to pull out the rocks he encountered, he heard footsteps.
"""All I saw was an army,"" said the boy."
"""I am proud of you,"" he said."
Almost everyone here speaks Spanish.
I only interpret dreams.
Had our instruments permitted it, we might have been able to see the trouble way back when.
First, they tried to find him on their own.
The boy took out Urim and Thummim from his bag.
"""And you ought to read more about the world,"" answered the Englishman."
He heard a muffled grating sound and saw the black mark jerk forward an inch or so.
"""I don't understand what you're talking about,"" the desert said."
I have to find a man who knows that universal language.
It may be the gases of the firing that caused the Martians inconvenience.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza.
"That's what alchemists do."
The boy was trying to understand the truth of what the old man had said.
On the following day, the first clear sign of danger appeared.
An huge hole had been made by the impact of the projectile.
A monk dressed in black came to the gates.
We always observe the Tradition.
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of here.
"""What's the world's greatest lie?"" the boy asked, completely surprised."
"""Life attracts life,"" the alchemist answered."
I have been waiting for you here at this oasis for a long time.
"""You dominated those horsemen with the way you looked at them,"" he said."
Curse the moment I met that old man, he thought.
They were known as seers, and they were held in fear by women and the elderly.
At the same time, people were passing my shop all the time, heading for Mecca.
"The Englishman didn't answer him directly."
And now it was only four days before he would be back in that same village.
"""The desert fills men's hearts with visions,"" the camel driver answered."
"""I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist,"" the wind said."
The men of the desert were already familiar with that wind.
The secret is here in the present.
The shop was busy, and the man asked the shepherd to wait until the afternoon.
He stood irresolute for a moment and then scrambled out of the pit.
Then the old man began to inspect the sheep, and he saw that one was lame.
Revenge is not my style, but obviously accidents will happen.
This is for the boy.
Wait for the end of the war.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.
The boy knew a lot of people in the city.
That was his work.
The boy laughed — out of happiness.
"""Al-Fayoum is in Egypt,"" said the Arab."
The closer he got to the realization of his dream, the more difficult things became.
He brought six sheep with him.
And also by unhappiness, envy, and jealousy.
Few people realise the immensity of vacancy.
That night, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
"""Two days ago, you said that I had never dreamed of travel,"" the merchant answered."
Relaxed and unhurried, he resolved that he would walk through the narrow streets of Tangier.
It was such a gradual movement that he found it only by noticing the dots.
The merchant looked anxiously at the boy.
The immense collection of people and animals began to travel faster.
Because the crystal was dirty.
The wind screamed with delight, and blew harder than ever.
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
or a man into the wind.
"But he's on the right track."
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
He must know how to deal with the snakes of the desert.
The boy watched as his companion went to his horse and withdrew a scimitar.
"""Did you say a king?"" he asked."
"""How come you speak Spanish?"" he asked."
"""And this is for me,"" said the alchemist, keeping one of the parts."
"""No,"" the alchemist answered."
Then she filled her vessel with water and left.
Then came the night of the first falling star.
I want you to be my wife.
The boy had met the alchemist.
"""I want you to help me turn myself into the wind,"" the boy answered."
Let me tell you what will happen.
The vision vanished immediately, but it had shaken him.
The old man opened his cape, and the boy was struck by what he saw.
"I've had this shop for thirty years."
And they attacked an empty tent.
He was twenty minutes from his tent, and began to make his way there.
Not even the tribal chieftains are able to see him when they want to.
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby.
But when the reign of Tiberius ended, his poems were forgotten.
"""What is a foreigner doing here?"" asked another of the men."
"The time must have been somewhere around six o'clock."
The man looked at the angel in surprise.
"""What's your name?"" he asked."
"""Well, I'd like to see their land, and see how they live,"" said his son."
"""Because of the omens,"" the alchemist answered."
"That's comparing apples and oranges."
How long will it take to get him examined?
Just the ant colony of the neighborhood.
"Crooks don't pay taxes."
"What's he doing here?"
"Why didn't I call you back?"
"I can't think of any enemies I have."
Wait until it happens to you sometime.
"I'm sending it over with Beth."
"I won't let you."
The crash of the UFO shows that extraterrestrials are also vulnerable.
Where do you come off calling me Nick?
The presented method can be applied to more realistic scenarios with a fixed camera.
I suppose I could.
The nurse waddled around the ward.
Wait till those two future jailbirds read the Morning Post tomorrow.
The references were thick and impenetrable.
Drawing from my own experience as a learner of English and German, I value engaging activities that involve everyday conversation.
Sure I know where she lives.
All you have to remember is to be sincere.
The ceiling collapsed inwards.
"It's as much my fault as yours."
Will you do that for me?
"Something's the matter with Daddy."
"I've been trying to get her to come to."
The train came thirteen minutes late.
They raised their glasses in the old bar.
The corruption ran deep.
"What's she up to?"
"It's a good face."
Whenever we wanted, we could see him.
The driver got knocked cold.
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
"I knew if I were drowning you'd try to save me."
"We didn't steal it."
You think you did.
How could it be awkward?
There were snickers from the background.
Pink foam floated gently through the air, landing on the parked vehicles.
The population was increasing exponentially.
Then I take it there are no objections.
Is there anything wrong?
First you got to sign a receipt.
And you can meet us at the station.
The flight attendant winked at the obnoxious passenger seated next to me.
By letting me help you.
"Promise you'll never lie the way Snoopy did."
"I don't see him."
"And I told Harry I thought I'd be bored to death."
Storm increasing over the Rockies.
Maybe I will say it.
What was spoken was totally disregarded.
"You can't say that about my father!"
"I've handled a good many big promotions in my time."
Now listen to me.
Even coming down on the train together she wrote me.
"You can't trust anybody in this crazy world."
I thought you were gone.
With his troll post he provoked the hackers to do penetration testing for him.
Got a lot of charm.
"I'm going home and see my wife and family."
He prepared himself a sandwich and drank some hot tea from a crystal glass.
Gold would lose its value.
If a person is living out his destiny, he knows everything he needs to know.
He had never imagined that questions about life would be of such importance to a shepherd.
"""What is love?"" the desert asked."
"""So, then try,"" he said to the Englishman."
A boy came running towards me.
He still had some doubts about the decision he had made.
"I'd like you to take me there if you can."
"People continued to come and go from the baker's shop."
"""Because my eyes are not yet accustomed to the desert,"" the boy said."
Maktub, thought the boy.
"It was as if the world had fallen silent because the boy's soul had."
the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world.
He was immensely excited at the news.
His hands began to tremble, and the woman sensed it.
"The following night, the boy appeared at the alchemist's tent with a horse."
He was thinking about omens, and someone had appeared.
"""People from all over the world have passed through this village, son,"" said his father."
And then they want the person to change.
The alchemist turned to the boy.
"""Well, why did you say that I don't know about love?"" the sun asked the boy."
The old man wore a breastplate of heavy gold, covered with precious stones.
His life and his path had always provided him with enough omens.
"""Well, why don't we go there right now?"" the boy asked."
Another person was there to help him toward his destiny.
Even if you cleaned my crystal for an entire year...
If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you.
He was able to get on his knees, but he quickly slipped back.
I told him that was what I had come here to learn.
"Then you'll die in the midst of trying to realize your destiny."
It’s been a long time since she last read Chekhov, and because of that, she no longer feels like the heroine of her own story.
He sat looking at the sky for a long time.
It must have fallen while I was sitting over there.
"""It doesn't matter,"" he said to his sheep."
Almost everyone here speaks Spanish.
"That's the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life."
"The sword didn't fall."
"Trust in your heart, but never forget that you're in the desert."
As he looked at the stones, he felt relieved for some reason.
Without responding, the guard entered the tent, where he remained for some time.
The simum blew that day as it had never blown before.
He thought of the woman who had trusted in the desert.
The boy reminded the old man that he had said something about hidden treasure.
"""There is only one way to learn,"" the alchemist answered."
I used to look at those women and envy them their happiness.
"It's what you have always wanted to accomplish."
He paused, and his eyes were still unfriendly.
The boy was also saddened; his friend was in pursuit of his destiny.
Even the guides spoke very little to one another.
The greatest authority on meteorites stated that the height of its first appearance was about ninety or one hundred miles.
"Sometimes, there's just no way to hold back the river."
"And I want you to know that I'm coming back."
The boy felt ill and terribly alone.
"What good is money to you if you're going to die?"
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon.
The boy looked around him at the date palms.
"It's not often that money can save someone's life."
Tangier is not like the rest of Africa.
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby.
The boy awoke before dawn.
They went in to drink the tea, which was served in beautiful crystal glasses.
But children always seem to be able to play with them without frightening them.
But before I go, I want to tell you a little story.
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
Go ahead, try me.
Badminton is my favorite type of racket sports.
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Why are gully covers round?
If you have an issue in the workplace, you are encouraged to contact the HR department.
Christine valued her freedom, and would never deny anyone that privilege.
"I could be wrong, but it's somewhere in that region."
I think it was last Thursday, but I am not sure.
But we never even got close to it?
"It's such an unfair world, innit?"
"""I don't know,"" she said."
Is it not so?
Together, we can rule the world!
"According to the dictionary, the word ""gizmo"" means the same as ""gadget""."
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
The hare springs out, when one thinks not of it.
"There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here."
Mutes little instruments on the bridge of the violin, deadening the sound.
What does it all mean?
What did it matter?
"What makes you think I'd answer you?"
Where have you been?
Where can I apply for the job of a millionaire?
How are you getting on?
Where observation is concerned, chance favours only the prepared mind.
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
"I'll be travelling home on Saturday, so probably I won't get anything done then."
"She wasn't home, a neighbour said that he didn't think she came in last night."
Where is my dress?
Curses, like chickens come home to roost.
Is that how your niece began?
Olivia, have you seen my keys?
In another year, maybe I can help.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
Cold hands, warm heart.
Yours sincerely, Satan.
"A good thing about English is, that you don't have to memorize whether things are feminine or masculine."
"And just how do you think we're going to manage that?"
"""Don't know,"" was the reply."
What do you think of him?
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
When are we leaving for the party?
The beer was more than just refreshing, it was delicious.
Next time it rains, please call me.
What is it, boss?
Where have you been this afternoon?
For polarized light, the end of the vector lies on the surface of the sphere.
May I borrow your bolster?
"Does this mean you're willing to talk to me?"
Good-day to you, sir.
Even the weak, when united, become powerful.
When was the last time you spoke with him prior to his departure?
"We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things."
Many teens make videos these days, inspired by their role models.
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Why should you not?
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
Have you met Peter?
I sucked at it, but it was much more fun than most normal chess games.
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
They jetted off to the Bahamas.
Opening the source code can be a measure to create trust in software.
It is up there!
I said I was trying to catch one.
"It's awfully clear now."
I get thirty dollars a week.
Whom would I see regarding the return of stolen Government money?
Dozens of the prettiest little homes you ever saw.
"I've always looked on Bessie as my own sister."
I had a memo from Art today.
"I'm beginning to like this."
"But this'll teach them a lesson."
"She's good enough for me!"
I can see that right now.
No sense messing up the streets.
"I'll see that she gets the flowers."
Mr. and Mrs. Nate joined the Red Cross and sewed.
Thank you very much.
We want some action in these pictures.
You can count on me under one condition.
She took care of Bobby for us.
This kettle is quicker at boiling water than the old one.
Doing a handstand needs a lot of practice to learn.
"I don't think he was any faker, not with that face."
"Her father's awful worried about her."
"I've got a flash for you!"
"Your luck's not with you now."
The toilet needed cleaning.
Collateral of any kind?
You can stand just so much.
How much is it worth?
The corruption ran deep.
One that will write.
"It's a good face."
It was just right.
When did you deliver this first?
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
However, the presentation of the previous work could be deeper.
"I'm through listening to you!"
"And don't pull that on me neither!"
I have never seen a Rothschild before.
"I've just sworn in four hundred deputies."
Stop treating me like a child.
How do you handle the negative weights?
I hate to think that I will have to leave, but I guess that’s not really up to me.
Will you help me?
What do you think of that?
The green lock in the address bar of your browser does NOT mean you can trust the site.
Is the head better?
You got your sea legs yet?
Been seeing me in your dreams?
Emma tapped her nails on her mobile phone.
"Somebody's driving this cab."
He voyaged on a ship called Beagle.
Do you mind if I wait out here?
The houses were squashed together like sardines.
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
"I didn't see anything."
Want to give my flower a drink.
You should have seen the commotion in that locker room.
And he came down after the game with a contract.
It took him a while to get to the office.
Look at the bottle you took the powder from.
You fight it cut.
How could he be a fake?
"How do you know what they're doing?"
How old are you anyway?
"I'm interested only in the present."
The boy became fearful; the omens told him that something was wrong.
"It's easy, and yet I've never done it before, he thought."
It said that the darkest hour of the night came just before the dawn.
"""I have known true alchemists,"" the alchemist continued."
How do I guess at the future?
The boy brought his horse closer.
I can only tell you what I saw.
"""The desert fills men's hearts with visions,"" the camel driver answered."
"But they don't count."
The horizon was tinged with red, and suddenly the sun appeared.
There was a murmur from the crowd.
"Maybe we're all that way, the boy mused."
I found a little crowd of about twenty people surrounding the huge hole.
The genies were the spirits of good and evil.
The serpent relaxed immediately.
On the very first page it described a burial ceremony.
They shouted consolation and promises and went off back to the town again to get help.
"""It helped me to trust in people,"" the Englishman answered."
They went on smoking the pipe for a while as the sun began to set.
"It's the other foreigner, the Englishman."
I told you that your dream was a difficult one.
The sun was turned into a golden disk.
Your heart is alive.
"It's true that everything has its destiny, but one day that destiny will be realized."
YOU WANNA TAKE THIS OUTSIDE?
Like eating or sleeping, or like seeking love or finding a job.
The boy remembered his dream, and suddenly everything was clear to him.
The years of research, the magic symbols, the strange words and the laboratory equipment...
The boy was surprised at his thoughts.
"""Be careful with your prognostications,"" said the stranger."
"""Business has really improved,"" he said to the boy, after the customer had left."
His life and his path had always provided him with enough omens.
When he emerged, it was with a young Arab, dressed in white and gold.
It was bunched up, and he had hardly thought of it for a long time.
If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you.
"""There are rumors of tribal wars,"" he told them."
"""All I saw was an army,"" said the boy."
The boy waited, and then interrupted the old man just as he himself had been interrupted.
Maybe it was because they moved around so much.
"They're only made of rock crystal, and there are millions of rock crystals in the earth."
The people were also praying to heaven for protection.
The men fell into an animated discussion.
"If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence."
Men have never understood the words of the wise.
First, they tried to find him on their own.
Then he turned to the boy.
Then came the night of the first falling star.
"""I've crossed these sands many times,"" said one of the camel drivers one night."
"When he's an old man, he's going to spend a month in Africa."
"""In a way, so am I,"" he said."
"That's true, the boy thought."
The level ground was blackened as far as one could see, and it was still giving off smoke.
That first day, everyone slept from exhaustion, including the Englishman.
The woman said she had never heard of such a person, and hurried away.
"""But that's why you created the game in the first place,"" the boy answered."
One afternoon, they passed by the encampment of one of the tribes.
"When I'm eating, that's all I think about."
"""Don't be impatient,"" he repeated to himself."
He seemed unfriendly, and had looked irritated when the boy had entered.
He just got a new kite for his birthday.
It was only when I got this close to it that the strangeness of it was at all evident to me.
The boy thought about the crystal merchant.
"""Who are you?"" he heard a voice ask him in Spanish."
It was impossible to remember all the details that he covered in an hour.
"""Why did you want to see me?"" the boy asked."
The crowd on the far left seemed to get bigger, and I heard now a faint murmur from it.
I started to run like crazy and made for the first group of trees.
They were known as seers, and they were held in fear by women and the elderly.
It is up there!
For that price you might as well get the brand name cordless drill.
She awoke from the nightmare.
"Take these capsules over to Mrs. David's house."
"You know I didn't tell anybody I was coming here."
"You're going to run into the Governor."
"There's a lot more to it than meets the eye."
Is it a deal?
February took a book from the shelves.
I had a memo from Art today.
Smiling is just part of living a fulfilled life.
The Martinis cross themselves.
How much is your equity in it?
A kick in the butt is a step forward.
Our generator has been disrupted by ultra high frequency waves.
You like every boy.
There is a way out.
Nobody ever changes around here.
Visiting a university offers great chances for your career.
Now wait a minute!
She placed the glass carefully on the edge of the table.
"I can't please everybody."
If you know of other games that play well with hands-free control, please post in the comments.
Get some water quickly!
You do all the hiring around here.
Makes about five thousand a year.
"Why didn't you say something?"
You mean spies and things like that?
Seems like yesterday to me.
He lost a lot of money through gambling in the casino.
Get me my check book.
Let us in on it.
Have her call me back!
How did it start?
"Let's make a night of it."
Afrikaans is very similar to Dutch.
Bless you!
Use the factory pattern and an iterator to step through the array.
Some of our biggest clients are affected.
"Why haven't I known that?"
Three to two in our favor.
I definitely had moments where I questioned whether I would ever become efficient.
This can arouse national interest!
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
"I won't ever tell a soul."
"You wouldn't want to kill anybody."
I need a drink.
I believe in you.
Chad waves up at them and continues on across the street.
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
"I'm not rubbing it in."
"You can't get her on the phone."
"They're recognizing Great Britain."
What do you know about Miranda?
The houses were squashed together like sardines.
"You've only had five meals today."
"He's Mr. Big and Mr. Small."
Doctor Kim dressed the wound with a bandage while looking disappointed at me.
You know I would.
"I'm beginning to realize that."
"It wasn't there."
"I've handled a good many big promotions in my time."
"After the dictator's rule of fourty three years was over, the country was devastated."
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
"Don't be more catholic than the pope."
The requirements are rather high for this job.
"It's even higher than this."
The robot was filled with wires and circuit boards.
But I—I had no idea what was going on.
Agriculture was a very important achievement in human history.
Get a load of this.
The experiments are unconvincing.
Two nibbles are one byte.
Back to our original plan, I think.
Do you like fruit?
It was always so.
No lock will hold against the power of gold.
Display a list of escape characters.
"Pack the kits and don't forget the salt."
Never cackle unless you lay.
The students colored with their crayons.
She shook her head.
Leave tomorrow till tomorrow.
Time brings us many changes.
"You don't really know what's inside when you eat takeouts."
That was seven hundred more than last year.
The first bridge had been funded by rich citizens.
Hop over the fence and plunge in.
The city council seriously needs to install more ATMs around here.
I was the only patient in the waiting room.
Experience is the best teacher.
A break in the dam almost caused a flood.
It has been so long since I have seen you!
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
John likes checkers.
These chimes have a mellow sound.
But enough of this!
Fore-warned is fore-armed.
"I wonder if we'll ever get rid of all the nukes."
"Don't try kicking against the wind."
The Navy attacked the big task force.
The pencils have all been used.
The rarest spice comes from the far East.
Attack is the best form of defense.
There is no time to lose.
Remind me to buy some eggs next time I am at the store.
Nor was this all.
I got a call from Ben.
They could laugh although they were sad.
Did you really need to clog up that pipe?
Long live the king.
"I'm filled with despair."
But he is right.
Is that okay?
I want to see her.
The frosty air passed through the coat.
A good book informs of what we ought to know.
The bus was late today.
He bears misery best that hides it most.
Adversity flatters no man.
Do you mean it?
The police insisted on confiscating even the printer for forensic analysis.
I like movies and stuff like that.
This is a grand season for hikes on the road.
Little things please little minds.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The Beatles were a famous English rock band.
The slab was hewn from heavy blocks of slate.
Experience is the father of wisdom.
My office is located on level fifteen.
Not to break is better than to mend.
"You can't have your cake and eat it too."
Better late thrive than never do well.
I am glad we have decided this then.
The doctor removed her gloves.
The irrigation system will be fixed within a week.
The transaction is still pending.
No one paid any attention to him.
Shape the clay gently into block form.
The mother sat in the courtroom.
The ship was torn apart on the sharp reef.
North and South Korea are very different.
The hood does not make the monk.
Port is a strong wine with a smoky taste.
Where did it come from then?
Do not spur a free horse.
"It's just that I never have."
The boy, accustomed to recognizing omens, spoke to the merchant.
The boy was sad as he left her that day.
But horses tire bit by bit.
Those Gypsies are really smart, he thought.
We are obliged, at least once in our lives, to visit the holy city of Mecca.
"We'll find you a hotel."
"""The war is going to end someday,"" the girl said."
I did not see her but I heard.
"It's all right if you want to smoke your cigar now."
You killed all three of them for nothing.
On the first day he returned with a rabbit, and on the second with two birds.
Can I have one of those?
none of this ha d made an impression on the boy.
"""I'm not hiding anything,"" the boy answered."
His hands began to tremble, and the woman sensed it.
I had a momentary impulse to go back and help him, but I was too scared to do anything.
But who asked him?
Like eating or sleeping, or like seeking love or finding a job.
And to do that, you need money.
And, for wise men, gold is the metal that evolved the furthest.
His life and his path had always provided him with enough omens.
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
He was about the same age and height as the boy.
The boy was strong, and wanted to retaliate, but he was in a foreign country.
The man wept with happiness.
About time one of you lunkheads said it.
The thought was so dreadful to him that he forgot about the heat and went forward.
Is Sheriff Helen in there?
"""I'm just a man who wanders the desert and knows the stars,"" said the alchemist."
Did you know that Kevin Marcus is back from school?
As soon as he saw me among the crowd, he called to me to come down.
It seemed such a little thing, so bright and small and still.
"I'll just go upstairs and send it over with a messenger."
The immense collection of people and animals began to travel faster.
The dead soldiers were replaced by others, and life went on.
How about that check?
"But you know that I'm not going to go to Mecca."
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
The boy watched as his companion went to his horse and withdrew a scimitar.
The simum blew that day as it had never blown before.
This is Jon Davis.
He said that everything has its own destiny.
The boy reminded the old man that he had said something about hidden treasure.
The men fell into an animated discussion.
"But he still couldn't flee."
"""He should have decided to become a shepherd,"" the boy said."
"That's good, thought the Englishman."
Jupiter has a great red spot.
The book was written in Spanish.
A while ago, I rode through the desert with a man who had books on alchemy.
From the railway station in the distance came the sound of trains, ringing and rumbling.
At the first glance, it was really not very exciting.
The alchemist removed the pan from the fire, and set it aside to cool.
"""I'm going with you,"" the boy said."
The music was captivating.
But maybe people who felt that way had never learned the universal language.
What we need is fireworks.
The plural of mouse is mice.
It was my fear of failure that first kept me from attempting the Master Work.
When he saw Henderson in his garden, he called over the fence and made himself understood.
Why did we have to have all these kids?
"""I didn't need to waste my time just for this,"" he said."
But he found it much more interesting to observe the caravan and listen to the wind.
The handle snagged my coat.
Anywhere to get away from that wrangling.
"You don't have to be rich, skinny, popular, or even own a cape to perform a random act of kindness."
I told you to have the ice box fixed.
So he could not be hasty, nor impatient.
Sometimes, their caravan met with another.
"Yes, that's what love is."
where the sand was more substantial.
"There's a bunch of autograph seekers out front."
And the names of the people involved were very difficult to pronounce.
"Today, I understand something I didn't see before: every blessing ignored becomes a curse."
All the joy he had seen that morning had suddenly disappeared.
Those buildings and the history around them attract thousands of tourists.
"Don't try to teach your grand-mother to suck eggs."
What is she like?
The hull husk and the full in plenty Virtue is the highest good.
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
He had to take him prisoner.
No, of course not.
Due to the lack of a bug bounty program, Johanna decided to sell her exploit on the black market.
The story of the city starts a few thousand years ago.
The poor boy missed the boat again.
My mother has Type Two diabetes.
Okay kid, ask away.
Have you finished with the Annual Report, Jane?
The very next day, he woke refreshed.
A penny wise and a pound foolish.
He postulated a dispersion theory before his coworker made his discovery and announcement.
There was a silence.
So you want to add a third?
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again."
"Oil doesn't make it anymore, it harms the climate."
I did not chose that phrase.
If not true, it is very ingenious.
This is the twenty-first century solution to the problem.
"I don't like this car."
My grandmother has Type One diabetes.
What should he do?
Never let the sun set on thy wrath.
I need to pay rent and keep the doors open.
Sal is good at running.
Where did you get it?
Persuasion is better than force.
Union is strength.
"Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it."
The longer you live the more you see.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
"What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over."
"That's often due to their nature."
Being the leader can get tiring.
The coherence of two waves expresses how well correlated the waves are as quantified by the cross-correlation function.
"What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?"
"Since I've gotten a dog, the regular visits of the fox have stopped."
"There's no accounting for tastes."
Hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics.
"Oh, I don't know."
The play began as soon as we sat down.
"It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top."
Make a virtue of necessity.
Down on his luck.
"Take your wife's first advice."
Robbing Peter to pay Paul.
"It didn't help that back then the empire was in the midst of a succession conflict."
Four hours of steady work faced us.
"""Another reason why Apple is superior to Microsoft"", the troll posted and grabbed some popcorn for the subsequent flame war."
A backdoor is a deliberate mechanism that is added to a cryptographic algorithm.
The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.
Lastly, do not forget to submit your assignment by this week.
A flight of musical notes.
"It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt."
No one near the remote machine you could ring?
Fall seven times. Stand up eight.
What are we going to do?
"I'm literally a flying pony."
This obviously hurt the economy, as well as city income.
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
Will it rain tomorrow?
The leaf drifts along with a slow spin.
This lamp is quite nice.
As a winner, Carlos gives his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
After its demise, the city would never attain its old glory again.
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of its primary design objectives.
Elena took a photo of the fountain in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Even with night-vision googles, no target was in sight.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Otters have interesting features.
"No, we don't have many locked areas within the facility."
Because of my depression, I have been recommended to see a psychiatrist.
Well begun is half done.
We must get some of that serum as soon as possible.
"Why didn't you call me?"
Form follows function.
Always be constructive when you criticize others.
From this perspective you can see the concentric circles.
Instead, since I almost always run the same set of apps, I pin each of these to the taskbar.
For users it is important that they can trust their operating system.
"Aren't we godlike?"
Have you got that money?
But it is not a class that was requested by our alumni or prospective students.
My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry, it must be a phobia.
"It's all right if you want to smoke your cigar now."
It was harassment, pure and simple.
"I'm only speaking metaphorically of course."
I found it out a little late.
"There ain't any more."
The next episode is set in a Siberian crater.
Then what does she want with you?
"You'll never get it out of me!"
She composed an emotional song in her bedroom.
Sometimes being clever can land you in trouble.
He hunched his back and plodded through the heavy rain.
Add little joe newest tune to my viajes playlist
What would you say is the difference between a language and a dialect?
Attacking these virtual villains will increase your notoriety online.
I never knew grandma to be so determined before.
They are not really friends, they just work together and talk from time to time.
What were you going to write about Hillary?
Add this carlos libedinsky song to my zen focus playlist
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
"I know you're anxious to make a train."
add Tatico Henriquez in my playlist called bleeps & bloops
need a table somewhere in McLaurin Connecticut
Lucca is a great guy, always there for you when you need him.
You go along and have a good time.
We need to be confident, all of us.
Play something by Louisiana Blues
A ritzy limousine was driving along the fifth avenue.
Play them the greatest music by Chris Frantz.
"There's no time like the present."
"It's not cheap, but it matters a lot."
Can you look up the Bireswar album?
"Don't you know there's a war on?"
It was a great relief
Were they quick or were they enraged?
Raccoons are mammals as well.
"I've got to go."
"Let's pretend everything is prepped."
The tractor was bearing down hard.
The command was given to erect an outpost to defend strikes from the east.
add this artist to my this is Los Fabulosos Cadillacs playlist
That rap music with its loud electronic beats is called hip-hop.
Can I see William Comes to Town at KB Theatres
The Linux terminal refuses to make me a cup of coffee.
The fool flew all the way up here in a blizzard.
what is the forecast for Tennessee
"And my name's Michael."
"Peter's boyfriend just got a new job."
add The Spine Surfs Alone to my playlist called The Funny Thing About Football Is
"I'll do anything you say."
A firmware update is available.
Can I help you?
Everything vintage you can imagine that can fit into a small space is there.
By letting me help you.
Look for the movie Songs in the Key of You
add the current tune to my Six string peacefulness playlist
Boys and girls and music.
I am getting worried, and you need to address this because it affects us both.
I want to listen to an album from Sibel.
He was even faster using both voice and keyboard than keyboard alone.
Guards are patrolling around the perimeter of the base.
"Let me find the invoice and I'll email it to you."
"Do you ever doodle things on a piece of paper when you're bored?"
When is The Grip of Iron playing
"The telephone didn't work without electricity."
"Why there's oceans of room here."
Are you enjoying London?
Better abort it before you get tangled up!
"I'm not gonna talk about them."
"You won't be safe until the money's in our hands."
The coronal mass ejection from the star masked the signal.
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
Just make yourselves at home.
No sense in going up there!
"I don't believe it."
The charcoal burned away to white ash.
You can say mutex instead of mutual exclusion.
Other energy sources receive subsidies as well, often much higher.
We cannot forget that farce.
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
The desk was firm on the shaky floor.
Home grief a morbid desire of returning home.
What is the weather in Weidman will it be warm
"That's not so bad."
"I don't know about war."
I want to see Vanishing of the Bees at a movie house.
Give A Mile Beyond the Moon five points
"I guess you're right."
I suppose I could.
Would you like a cappuccino?
"Your account's still here."
"What's the weather in Nigeria?"
Sally was shrieking when she heard the horn of the cement-mixer behind her.
play some movement from the fifties on Spotify
Who can tell us whether spaceflight will ever be commercially viable?
My first job was as a pizza driver.
Who you holding out on?
"She didn't have one."
"I know you're anxious to make a train."
Give this current series a rating of one.
I want to hear Aki Nawaz, play the song fair annie.
"They wouldn't take it."
Verbal agreements are not binding.
Let us in on it.
I will be back soon.
My uncle is from Brazil and he is a data scientist.
add Devil Pray to my party list
What do you need?
book spot for me and my teens at Cherry Street Hotel in MH
Can I get the newest movie schedule
He experienced the pictures with his fingers while he listened.
Got anything new on the hanging?
The lawyer sat in the courtroom.
"I will be meeting my brother's daughter to take the ferry to Vashon for a few days."
Rising up late in the morning she gave a big stretch to start the day.
"Don't make a government project out of this!"
I hope this blog will be useful to newcomers and experts alike.
What about Higgins against Becca?
"Oil doesn't make it anymore, it harms the climate."
What Are the showings for The Natural History of Parking Lots movie house
I would like to take a nice long break with no financial repercussions, but we all know that’s not going to happen.
The lens was heavy, but it had an amazing zoom.
need to book a table in Ludden
I think the Firefox extension already does this, and I created one for Chrome, Tab Namer.
Drink like a fish, water only.
Tell me if it will be foggy in Maxwell
Then who are you?
They have plans to come to Europe again later this year, and we will probably go to Russia together.
I wish they were rabbits.
I want to book a pub now.
"They're forming Clubs."
Can you imagine that?
Little and often fill the purse.
"We're going to shoot the works."
What is the weather forecast for Midnight in District Of Columbia?
"Did you know there's a swimming pool under this floor?"
Tell them all to wait.
Put some fifties music on Netflix
"Albert didn't have a brother."
"I'm so hungry I could faint."
I told you Baldwin was in trouble.
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
I use fans all the time during the summer
Especially with an election coming up in a few days.
"That's the centigrade scale."
You can do this.
Add the tune to my Women of Latin Music playlist.
I am always happy when I am eating ice-cream.
I want my baby to look like you.
"Certainly I'm sure I'm comfortable!"
A siege will crack the strong defense.
"I'm looking for the Formula One Championship Edition album"
The sun began its departure, as well.
"""It's the name of the Prophet's daughter,"" Fatima said."
"""The desert fills men's hearts with visions,"" the camel driver answered."
"""Continue in the direction of the Pyramids,"" said the alchemist."
"""I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist,"" the wind said."
Having heard that, the boy became even more interested in alchemy.
He had never imagined that questions about life would be of such importance to a shepherd.
"""All things are one,"" the old man had said."
He stood irresolute for a moment and then scrambled out of the pit.
One can imagine these two, covered with sand, running up the little street in the bright sunlight.
After all, what he had always wanted was just that: to know new places.
"""So what should I do now?"" the boy asked."
They were strange books.
"Don't say that again."
But in his heart he knew that it did matter.
"""We're in no hurry,"" the chief answered."
The genies were the spirits of good and evil.
The tea seemed less bitter.
On the very first page it described a burial ceremony.
"""It helped me to trust in people,"" the Englishman answered."
"""A practice of infidels,"" he said to himself."
The stranger was speaking of things that very few people knew about.
Because you have already lost your savings twice.
He knew he was stronger than his friend.
"I'm going to hate those who have found their treasure because I never found mine."
The Arab accepted them without a word.
But if you have to go before then, go on in pursuit of your dream.
One night, the father had a dream.
"""You have helped me."" The man continued to prepare his tea, saying nothing."
The alchemist dismounted slowly, and the boy did the same.
The boy remembered his dream, and suddenly everything was clear to him.
The boy went to the well every day to meet with Fatima.
The boy was relieved.
"The first rule of don't fight club is let's talk about it."
He had never even wept in front of his own sheep.
"""You gave them everything I had!"" the boy said."
He knew nothing about the customs of the strange land he was in.
Camels are traitorous: they walk thousands of paces and never seem to tire.
"It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features."
As soon as he saw me among the crowd, he called to me to come down.
Relaxed and unhurried, he resolved that he would walk through the narrow streets of Tangier.
"""What is it that I still need to know?"" the boy asked."
They might even have become friends, but the Englishman closed off the conversation.
"""Let's go and have some lunch,"" said the crystal merchant."
"As he was leaving, he saw, in the corner of the room, his old shepherd's pouch."
"""You can't be the wind,"" the wind said."
Whenever he could, he sought out a new road to travel.
"""I don't much like change,"" he said."
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
or a man into the wind.
"""Everything in the universe evolved,"" he said."
"The thief wasn't there, and the owner brought him a cup of tea."
"The wind's curiosity was aroused, something that had never happened before."
Once again he was experiencing the language without words...
Now I will drift gently off to dreamland.
He was shaken into wakefulness by someone.
"They don't see that the fields are new and the seasons change."
"I've learned things from the sheep, and I've learned things from crystal, he thought."
A while ago, I rode through the desert with a man who had books on alchemy.
But bakers are more important people than shepherds.
You were seen at the enemy camp three days ago.
"""They're not my sheep anymore,"" he said to himself, without nostalgia."
So, when I look out over your sands, I am also looking at her.
I finally have enough money, and all the time I need.
Most of them were staring quietly at the big table.
The sun thought about that, and decided to shine more brightly.
"If he makes a buying mistake, it doesn't affect him much."
worked hard just to have food and water, like the sheep.
The level ground was blackened as far as one could see, and it was still giving off smoke.
But he found it much more interesting to observe the caravan and listen to the wind.
I got drunk yesterday and thought I built a super computer.
"""They're not for sale,"" he said."
He put his headcloth in place and secured it with a ring made of camel skin.
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
"""But there's a tribal war,"" the boy reiterated."
He just got a new kite for his birthday.
The old man opened his cape, and the boy was struck by what he saw.
"You'll watch them as they grow, demonstrating how the world is always changing."
"Three days from now, he would be with the merchant's daughter."
"I've already had that experience with my sheep, and now it's happening with people."
A friend had told the boy about the shop, and he had taken his sheep there.
All they ever do, really, is look for food and water.
You have been a real blessing to me.
"Yes, that's what love is."
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of here.
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise.
In spite of this, I still believed that there were men in Mars.
"I need you to be spontaneous. He asked me out to ""din din."""
No hope, no adventure, no old kings or destinies, no treasure, and no Pyramids.
"Now, I'm beginning what I could have started ten years ago."
"""Fatima is a woman of the desert,"" said the alchemist."
A tourist taking pictures.
An elderly woman is making pancakes.
A woman wearing a costume is being lifted up on the shoulders of her dance partner.
Man riding a bicycle down a road with clouds overhead.
Excuse you for what?
Chefs prepare food for patrons of a sushi restaurant.
Girl on a street using a hula hoop, with three people in the background.
A band playing a small gig in Baltimore.
"We've existed since time began."
Man is crashing some nuts with a hammer.
Several people gather around a laptop at a table.
A man in a blue jersey watches something projected in front of him.
A dog walking across the desert.
A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes.
That was a little girl named Mary Hatch.
No one has ever done it before.
A little blond girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house.
A young male is about to cook some sort of bird.
A large Amish family looking beyond on a pleasant, spring day
A crowd of people walk next to a train.
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park.
Book spot for eight at bar that serves potée
A woman and a man are in an airtraffic control tower looking out onto an airfield.
My wife gave me this on my last birthday.
Forty on Thursday is the name of the event.
A man is standing beside two other men while reading a piece of paper.
A couple walks down a dirt street.
Woman vaulting over a vaulting horse.
A man in a black leather jacket sitting looking at the city beyond.
"Open the crate but don't break the glass."
The hog crawled under the high fence.
A basket player is scoring.
Three women are looking into a camera.
A black man in a tux surrounded by five other men behind a metal gate.
Fashion model posses for a shot or two.
"Why don't you shut up!"
A crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign.
"I'm leaving town tonight."
Tourists riding a double decker bus with people watching them from an office window.
A black man in a sweater stands beside his rundown butcher shop.
Two couples are walking under pink peach trees, while their blossoms fall.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
A little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book.
a team of cheerleaders cheering at a sporting event.
A woman is walking down the sidewalk.
A man sitting on a silver motorcycle, parked outside of a pub.
Sledding down a hill during a snowstorm.
Family and friends watching a military band play a song in a building
A man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street.
Show me the schedule in the nearest movie theatre for Invasion U.S.A..
Many people are watching a parade on the side of a street.
When you travel at warp speed, do it with caution!
People are cleaning up a street.
A group of people hanging out on the street as a woman looks at her phone.
A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge.
People relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival.
A girl is playing in the fountain fully clothed.
Can you add don moye to my Pop playlist?
Hands are raised by a crowd at the New York Marriott Marquis.
How am I going to live until the bank opens?
A young girl is sliding down on a sled.
two girls sitting by a tree while playing.
Young girls in brown and white uniforms are shouting and performing an exercise.
I use Arch Linux by the way.
A girl in a gray jacket holding a badminton racket.
The man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.
A young boy in a blue jacket standing on a corner in front of THEFACESHOP.
An Oriental man and woman wearing blue and white kimonos are sitting together.
A man wearing a black hat taking a photo in a busy street.
A man with his dog sitting against a white building in the grass.
Woman is working on a loom weaving a patterned carpet of red, white, and blue.
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink."
"What's it all about?"
And how did you get out?
How does that strike you?
Did you hear anything?
"I'm heading down to the sushi place, you wanna get anything?"
In Ireland, the butter is always salted, why would anyone want it any other way?
If you are well off, remain so.
Where is my dress?
How long will you be away?
Yesterday, I asked my doctor for a new prescription.
There is a massive scheme for redevelopment near Wollongong.
Elena will be late.
Why did you tell me?
A group of three notes of equal length.
The man wore a feather in his felt hat.
Marilyn Monroe passed away in nineteen-sixty-two.
He wrote his name boldly at the top of the sheet.
The work of the tailor is seen on each side.
The big red apple fell to the ground.
"You're going to have a bad time."
Persuasion is better than force.
The problem was solved.
Bad news travels fast.
"But we've never had any real trouble."
I owe everything to Corey Brown.
They heard the people walking on the street.
This is Christmas Eve.
"I don't know what it is."
What did he ever do for his country?
"This man's going to jump off a roof."
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
"Is it a deal or isn't it?"
Strong cryptography can prevent a man in the middle to read a conversation.
You should evaluate it in a perceptual experiment.
Thousands of people die every year as a consequence of air pollution.
Laser tag is a game quite similar to paintball.
But it is not a class that was requested by our alumni or prospective students.
You all know me!
And find out where the nearest telegraph office is.
The priest collapsed backwards.
Take your paws off me!
"That's too far from the bedroom."
Better hurry and shave.
Most of my friends have already finished college.
The car engine has seized.
There is a way out.
The insurance was sky high.
How often do you go through this little ritual?
I just came in to get warm.
"I'm going to scream!"
How do you think?
"I don't know why we don't all have pneumonia."
Words can hurt very much.
"I ain't gonna squeal!"
"Do you know what's wrong with you?"
"You've forgotten my milk."
"Didn't Charles have any friends?"
I do the best I can to help.
Her strategy was to be patient and long lived.
"He's insane or drunk or something."
Get the Governor on the phone!
He found the toilet occupied.
"Don't you know me?"
The sun was very hot this summer.
"Don't point the gun at me."
Margarine is just butter with an inferiority complex.
We need to talk.
This is my last chance.
It was only words.
I was just thinking of a flaming rum punch.
Thank you for reading this out loud.
"Don't wait till the game is called on account of darkness!"
The president heroically fought against such savagery.
Collateral of any kind?
Have her call me back!
Of course it is.
See if we can move it.
"I'm talking about the Building and Loan."
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
Can you see what is beyond the golden birches ?
"But that's what they gave me."
I hope it works.
Turkey for Thanksgiving.
The opening dilated and squeezed the amorphous entity out onto the floor.
"She doesn't look happy."
"We've run out of petrol and diesel."
Is she running a temperature?
A mink coat and a diamond bracelet.
I missed you and I couldn’t call you but I tried.
Just what I said.
Can I go now?
I taught them everything they do.
Stop treating me like a child.
It occurred to me late last night.
Maybe we can wait a little bit before changing the titles and the text everywhere else?
"I've actually fallen in love with him."
"Dennis couldn't approach the monolith."
It could be computed in many ways which would give more or less equivalent results.
"I'm not rubbing it in."
Can you imagine that?
Good luck to you.
"I rang the bell but I don't think it's working."
"Where do you think you're going?"
Give them a little third degree.
I lost my wallet.
He drew on the back of his jacket with a blue fountain pen.
"Is this the ear you can't hear on?"
The parameters are selected on the test set.
"You're worth your weight in gold."
The walls were covered with a thick paste.
Shall I announce you?
The news was chilling, to say the least.
"I don't know where to go."
"I'm also going back to Paris today."
Do you know what an engagement ring is?
"I think perhaps I'd better go to bed."
"But first you've got to get what's coming to you!"
He just took over the bank.
The ashtray was empty.
"This man's going to jump as a matter of principle."
"It's not my house."
"I suppose that's true in a way."
The experiments are unconvincing.
"I don't think this wall should be painted the way you suggested."
"He's in the desk."
It is up there!
"I'm not taking any more chances."
Is Sam with you?
There has been a robbery at the burger shop in downtown.
It always helps to be learning something new and exciting.
"Playing the market with the company's money?"
The tricky part is integrating it with Dragonfly.
Dozens of the prettiest little homes you ever saw.
And he gave you that five dollar raise.
Many programming languages are named after real people.
"What's she doing over here?"
Now look what you did.
It belongs to me now.
Too bad he has to be fed on a bottle.
There is a social facility on the other side of the road.
"The teller didn't have enough change."
"I'd love me some iced tea right about now."
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
The cinema was abandoned.
How do you like that?
"I'm sending it over with Beth."
Marty helped capture the Remagen Bridge.
Ten minutes ago I had a job.
"Who says I'm looking for a job?"
The flock of flamingos landed gracefully on their awkward looking legs.
"I admit that I'm an alcoholic."
How did Peter Lovelace get that gun?
How about that one there?
How do you expect me to get any work done?
I like Cyndi Wayne.
You want the moon?
Got to be a sergeant.
The article in the current state is not good enough for publication.
We just lost our heads and acted like a mob.
I said with the mouth shut.
What a time to be alive.
What have you got to report?
"And that's my farewell to the newspaper game."
The cushion was soft and inviting.
I usually like to eat flying tomato salad.
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
The sticker was peeling from the item.
Our clothes are dry.
Come here a minute.
One that will write.
One of these days is tomorrow.
"Why don't you shut up!"
"I'll phone them right away to get that story."
Stand by to contact Amanda.
Not with my money!
"I'll just go upstairs and send it over with a messenger."
This no good alternative.
Could you give me a piece of bread please?
They were inspired by that disaster to never let it happen again.
My home set up is simplest, because I cheat to provide a UNIX-like environment.
What boat you sailing on?
She sends for you.
"The City Sealer's office."
"Where's Ashley's wallet?"
What about Higgins against Becca?
Have a good look.
The men at the bar were obviously drunk.
The secretary tugged at a loose fibre.
I feel I ought to take care of her.
Is this the place?
"There's something funny going on around here."
His old Ferrari has been compacted to a small cube of metal at the junkyard.
The manufacturer recommends it.
"Jade's cordless drill has become faulty."
First I gotta tell her what news to get!
"Too bad I couldn't see this guy first."
The shaking disturbed the rat nest.
"Why don't you try Johns Hopkins in Baltimore?"
Now I want to ask you fellows a couple of questions.
"We've got to produce a show now."
Christmas is a lot like Easter.
And something else changed, I started having fun!
"I'll be next door."
What do you want done with them tomorrow morning?
"""I have clearly been discriminated because of my sex"", the feminist complained."
The reason for this, is to discern your strengths.
He nodded and said nothing.
John Catherine topped them all.
"This convention's gonna cost plenty."
"Unfortunately, I haven't found a way to seamlessly integrate this into my vocabulary."
The neighbors are serving him a light lunch.
Giraffes are vegetarians.
It was after they got back from fishing.
I remember Grandpa Paul looking through it.
"Don't ask me how I know."
Finally, install Dragonfly, a cleaner Python interface to NatLink.
"I'm afraid she'd feel ashamed to think she hadn't trusted you."
The Irish man sipped his tea.
Burning fridges, televisions and washing machines are not as unusual as one might think.
A poor little fellow that never meant nobody no harm!
And a glass of milk.
That bold remark will be remembered for a long time.
"I'm also going back to Paris today."
The train is probably the best way to get there.
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
"You'll get into a worse one if you don't."
"Jennifer's expression changed. ""Pull my finger"", she said."
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
The article introduces a very fast, small, and shallow feed-forward network which is trained end-to-end.
Are you sure they are not all there?
"Stacey couldn't find the power switch."
I can smell it.
The raw API is extremely complicated for our needs, so I wrote a simple wrapper DLL.
And if it is?
Going up to see Erin.
This gives you commands to start with and a nice framework for repeating commands quickly.
How are you?
The ashtray was empty.
Abraham is a well known person in Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
I should have been there.
Work in progress.
Even with night-vision googles, no target was in sight.
Wikipedia is a non-profit organization.
How do you mean?
No, not for them.
I got a call from Ben.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
Why are gully covers round?
After the accident, his bicycle had to be repaired.
That recital made my brain implode.
Turning off gadgets that are not in use can save a lot of energy.
What are you going to do with me?
You tell me, and I will do it.
Marc, would you please give me the fly swatter?
Then he stood up.
Do as I say not as I do.
If a job is worth doing it is worth doing well.
The prolific developer contributed more than a thousand commits until today.
Wow! It looks like it is flying!
How did he look?
Each and every child just loves toys.
The crash of the UFO shows that extraterrestrials are also vulnerable.
"this is the point. There's the rub"
They all gathered in Manchester.
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
A cat has nine lives.
The hitch between the horse and cart broke.
We will be meeting Abhishek there later tonight.
Fasten two pins on each side.
To measure the performance accurately we need a benchmark.
The sand drifts over the sills of the old house.
Kathleen loves to dress up like a princess.
He is a scoundrel.
Doughnuts are best with strawberry sprinkles and coffee.
The frosty air passed through the coat.
The small red neon lamp went out.
I knew you would be convinced.
Sound as a bell.
"I really don't like dress codes. "
Fresh as a daisy.
"The manufacturer called this helicopter ""tiger""."
When playing, children often just reenact what they experienced before.
The sticker was peeling from the item.
The rarest spice comes from the far East.
Pick a card and slip it under the pack.
The grass was peppered with daisies.
Mow the lawn.
Do that with a wooden stick.
An old ox makes a straight furrow
The cake will be ready in seventeen minutes.
"I don't know that."
The criminals taunted the police officers and prison guards.
Nothing lost for lack of asking
A steep trail is painful for our feet.
Another pot ! Try the teapot.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to step foot on the moon.
Dip the pail once and let it settle.
Don’t you understand me?
That song reminds me of my childhood.
What does it all mean?
What do you advise, sir?
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
That guy is the writer of a few banned books.
"To rap one's knuckles to clip one's wings"
Anthony kept himself busy by counting pigeons.
The allies lost another airborne division during the raid.
The young prince became heir to the throne.
"I'm just gazing at the marble of your necklace."
Begin at the beginning.
Type out three lists of orders.
There was a round table in the middle of the room.
The car sold for twelve thousand three hundred and sixty nine Euros.
That is a lot for such a small task.
Jump the fence and hurry up the bank.
Why did you do it?
between their teeth
The vertex was out of alignment.
"It's a shame they don't have a halal option here."
I looked at her.
But where are we going?
Taking the ferry was a wise choice.
North and South Korea are very different.
Where did it come from then?
All roads go to Jericho
After twelve hours of rowing, Darius climbed out of the canoe, and lied down on the beach to nap.
Every one knows best where the shoe pinches him
The sky was clear.
He was deflated when he found the attic was completely empty.
The trees swayed uniformly in the breeze.
Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
A gradual diminishing of loudness
"""Cheers mate,"" he said to the driver as he left the taxi."
An irregular petty war an armed mountaineer,
He is the very picture of his father
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad wine ruins the stomach.
The millennium edition of the album contains multiple remixes and the lyrics.
This award is given in three different categories.
It is easier to destroy than to build.
What a bummer!
You can reduce the quality of the anisotropic filter to gain some performance.
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes it.
Easy come, easy go.
He tried with all his strength to wrench open the door in a panic.
Harry hoped he would see some success from the current project.
What is he like?
Show me some gratitude.
"If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again."
Nine rows of soldiers stood in a line.
There were a lot of people in the waiting room.
All the villagers cheered.
Will you please answer that phone.
"Nostalgia isn't what it used to be."
Jill caught the ball that Peter had thrown towards her.
Dmitry helped me with my homework.
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
They climbed a tall crane without securing themselves and filmed it for their YouTube channel.
Hang tinsel from both branches.
They are called private and public key.
Long live the Emperor
Tell me what it is.
She accuse her friend for cheating in class.
Two heads are better than one
"A group of doctors examined the patient's medical charts."
The cup handle has broken.
The file had a size of multiple gigabytes.
To her amazement, she found a supermarket trolley lying on the seabed.
We sharpened our wits at university so we could handle this crisis.
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
You know her better, so you should do it.
"In other words, it's not an open platform."
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
Do you like fruit?
Necessity is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.
But how can you be sure?
This pepperoni tastes off, she said.
"I like reading about medical mysteries, don't you?"
Who could it be?
What are you thinking of?
"Well, I don't know."
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
That man is your brother?
Many languages are spoken in Tanzania, one of them is Zulu.
And what did you do then?
"There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here."
Did you hear anything?
Many teens make videos these days, inspired by their role models.
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
But what if all our readers were whispering?
Can you sing me a lullaby?
There is no universal definition of intelligence, but everyone agrees that the ability of learning belongs to it.
The very next day, he woke refreshed.
Hey look, a flying pig!
I think it came in a long, red box.
Who would have thought that?
"It's such an unfair world, innit?"
What shall we do?
What does it mean?
"My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet."
My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry, it must be a phobia.
What is your name?
"""One moment,"" she said."
"""Another reason why Apple is superior to Microsoft"", the troll posted and grabbed some popcorn for the subsequent flame war."
The waitress was carrying an impressive amount of dinnerware, but then an earthquake occurred and she dropped it all.
It is a magical world filled with elves, dwarves, and dragons.
How often has the train been late?
After experiencing a mind-blowing sensual orgy, Mike was sure he had taken an overdose.
What was the matter with him?
Unfortunately, the choice is permanent.
Who has already arrived?
Is it possible, if you would be so kind, to lend me your brolly for today?
What were we to do?
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
"The term ""just my two cents"" is about opinion, not about money."
"They're silly, their buckets are over there behind mine."
"He who won't be advised, can't be helped."
Wow, the stroboscope effect on the ball is really astonishing!
"Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day."
What will you have to drink?
Do you know if Dylan is going to go with us?
Oh, that will be fun!
Go ahead, try me.
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
What did it mean?
Sorry, the test period expired.
Do you know me?
The harder you work, the luckier you are.
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
What else am I to do?
"If you don't know any alternative search engines, just google them."
Grime, rust and residual particles polluted the air.
A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand, but touches your heart.
You going down the pub tonight, love?
A song, a Girl, a maid.
What should she tell him?
One short, solitary clown entered the ring honking an oversize horn while waving forlornly to the audience.
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
Would you like a cappuccino?
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Why did you tell me?
Is this a picture of a cat?
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
Curses, like chickens come home to roost.
A tongue of honey, a heart of gall.
Are you ready to hear my counterargument?
What are we to do?
Wake and rise, and step into the green outdoors.
Where did you come up with that idea?
"""That circus acrobat must have a well-trained vestibular system"", the spectator thought."
Despite years of research, the problem remained intractable.
You made your bed, now you must lie in it.
After all the spinning had stopped, Megan felt better.
"Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know."
"What's it all about?"
What do you say?
Where did you come from?
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
What are the facts?
What do you want me to do?
While it has long the shelf life, the items will expire in twenty-twenty-six.
What is he like?
What do you make of that?
To summarize, our comprehensive survey discloses the true versatility of their method.
No, he had not.
Ironically, you just gave me the perfect alibi.
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
The selfish Welsh wish to sell fish, which smells swell when getting squished.
"The irrational number Pi, which represents the ratio between a circle's circumference and its diameter, approximately equals three point one four one five."
As you sow, so shall you reap.
"It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top."
How can that be?
"According to the dictionary, the word ""gizmo"" means the same as ""gadget""."
What is she to do?
Marc, would you please give me the fly swatter?
I could not judge for her actions, but I believe that she is right.
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
It was harassment, pure and simple.
Darling, could you grab me some throat candy down at the local chemist?
What was to be done?
It was too ridiculous, she told herself.
"Darling, we've run out of avocados!"
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
Why do people even eat peanut butter and jelly?
By increasing the salinity of the water, we alter its dew point.
Mrs. Travis, when I leave my kids in kindergarten, I expect you to supervise them.
What else could it be?
What is his name?
"Tyler, Lucy, Michelle, we're going to space!"
No, that is not a good solution.
The combination of trumpets, violins and a drum set is quite unusual.
By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we save your data for twenty-one days to detect frauds.
Would the Right Honorable Lady opposite please clarify the concerns from her constituency?
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant that the sanctions will have an effect on the community.
To be fully funded, some lending must occur.
"Didn't you know that?"
Sentences are built of nouns, verbs and sometimes adjectives.
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
To calibrate the motion capturing system, please do a T-pose.
Hello, my name is Brenda.
Who is your father?
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Using the debugger, he found out that there was a buffer overflow.
What did he want?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
What is it you want?
I can learn something from the desert, too.
"I'm interested only in the present."
"""I don't know how to find life in the desert,"" the boy said."
"""I'll be back,"" the boy said."
He had found where his treasure was, and was frightened at what might happen.
The boy thanked him, ate it, and went on his way.
Some do come back.
"I'm going to go back to doing just what I did before, the boy thought."
two horsemen waiting ahead of them.
The boy began again to read his book, but he was no longer able to concentrate.
The boy brought his horse closer.
He had come to the town only to find a woman who could interpret his dream.
"""What is love?"" the desert asked."
The boy wanted to take her hand.
And at that I told him, and he took my place.
The monk was irritated.
Until then, he had considered the omens to be things of this world.
He was planning as he left the bar.
The boy recalled the brilliance he had noticed on the previous day.
The caravan would be very lucky to reach the oasis.
And he gave the boy his blessing.
"It was just that he couldn't grasp what it meant."
The next day, the boy returned to the well, hoping to see the girl.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up.
The boy had never even noticed that there was a hole in his pouch.
The boy knew the desert sensed his fear.
"""Should I understand the Emerald Tablet?"" the boy asked."
"""I didn't come here to have you read my palm,"" he said, already regretting having come."
It was a cobra, whose venom could kill a person in minutes.
This is for the boy.
The boy could certainly resist causing that kind of anxiety for the baker.
the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world.
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
I pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light.
The night was warm and I was thirsty.
As the sun rose, the men began to beat the boy.
"""Maybe this is an omen,"" said the Englishman, half aloud."
When the lead had become liquid, the alchemist took from his pouch the strange yellow egg.
No one said a word as the old man continued.
All this happened between sunrise and sunset, the boy thought.
"""To show you one of life's simple lessons,"" the alchemist answered."
When the pan had cooled, the monk and the boy looked at it, dazzled.
"He's doing it because it's what he wants to do."
The boy continued to listen to his heart as they crossed the desert.
He also tried to remember some good stories to relate as he sheared the sheep.
Looking around, he sought his sheep, and then realized that he was in a new world.
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night.
Taking the jacket out, he began to clean the glasses.
"It knew of the boy's talk with the desert, because the winds know everything."
"The alchemist followed as the boy's horse ran for almost half an hour."
And to do that, you need money.
Others stumbled upon the stone by accident.
"He doesn't have anything else."
As they moved along, the boy tried to listen to his heart.
"""Does a man's heart always help him?"" the boy asked the alchemist."
"""Those are the rules of war,"" the leader explained."
Even when all you want to do is travel?
vibrations of peace throughout the tent.
The boy was strong, and wanted to retaliate, but he was in a foreign country.
"I'm an old, superstitious Arab, and I believe in our proverbs."
"""We're just travelers,"" the alchemist answered."
You have enough gold to buy many sheep and many camels.
"They're just a pile of stones."
Arabs often appeared in the city, shopping and chanting their strange prayers several times a day.
"Replace the Ts in Tim Tebow's name with any other consonant to get a Star Wars character"
He was older, and was carrying a small bucket.
I can interpret it, but the interpretation is very difficult.
"It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features."
He was alarmed by what had happened.
"I've already told you."
During one of these conversations, the driver told of his own life.
"We'll have something to drink and eat these hawks."
"""It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil,"" said the alchemist."
But they could never have taught him Arabic.
I want to get back to my sheep faster.
Two more months passed, and the shelf brought many customers into the crystal shop.
The camel driver was seated at the base of a palm tree, observing the sunset.
"""Why do they make things so complicated?"" he asked the Englishman one night."
He loosened the reins on his horse, who galloped forward over the rocks and sand.
"""Well, usually I learn more from my sheep than from books,"" he answered."
He wanted to tell him about Fatima.
Melchizedek watched a small ship that was plowing its way out of the port.
"""You can't be the wind,"" the wind said."
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
The boy prodded them, one by one, with his crook, calling each by name.
"I don't want anything else in life."
The wind screamed with delight, and blew harder than ever.
From then on, he would make his own decisions.
"The boy noticed that the man's clothing was strange."
The boy knew, and was now working toward it.
"""Speak to the hand that wrote all,"" said the sun."
"""Everything in the universe evolved,"" he said."
"They're not concerned with that right now."
He thought of the woman who had trusted in the desert.
The boy reminded the old man that he had said something about hidden treasure.
"""I'll just watch him,"" he said to himself."
"I'm going to them."
"The boy didn't know what to say."
"""You old sorcerer,"" the boy shouted up to the sky."
A thin circle of bright metal showed between the top and the body of the cylinder.
Like crickets, and like expectations; like lizards and four-leaf clovers.
"""No,"" the alchemist answered."
Sometimes I appear in the form of a solution, or a good idea.
There was a small building there, with a window at which people bought tickets to Africa.
"And better still to be alone with one's books."
He came to understand its dodges and tricks, and to accept it as it was.
It was a tent like many at the oasis.
The Englishman asked if they were in danger.
A while ago, I rode through the desert with a man who had books on alchemy.
I just want to dream about Mecca.
At the highest point in Tarifa there is an old fort, built by the Moors.
Maybe the alchemist has never been in love, the boy thought.
I have to find a man who knows that universal language.
"""I've crossed these sands many times,"" said one of the camel drivers one night."
He paused for a moment to see if the woman knew what the Egyptian pyramids were.
I finally have enough money, and all the time I need.
Most of them were staring quietly at the big table.
"""That's not true,"" the boy said."
The wind has many names.
In any case, the desert was impassable.
My friend bought all the other sheep immediately.
"""When were these books written?"" the boy asked."
The alchemist rode in front, with the falcon on his shoulder.
That first day, everyone slept from exhaustion, including the Englishman.
The woman said she had never heard of such a person, and hurried away.
And he decided he would go to see the chiefs of the tribes.
And then he perceived it very slowly.
"""It is I who dared to do so,"" said the boy."
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
He had been to the village only once, the year before.
But the crystal merchant had no choice.
But then he stopped.
In his heart, he wanted to remain awake, but he also wanted to sleep.
Henderson was taking it in.
Something bright reflected from his chest with such intensity that the boy was momentarily blinded.
"The Englishman prodded him, and the boy asked her about the man who cured people's illnesses."
The boy was trying to understand the truth of what the old man had said.
"So, he asked if the old man's blessing was still with him."
"""Who are you?"" he heard a voice ask him in Spanish."
"That's why I'm here."
He knelt down to find Urim and Thummim and put them back in the pouch.
"""There's a caravan leaving today for Al-Fayoum."""
"So you won't blame her."
In spite of this, I still believed that there were men in Mars.
The streamer of gas came out towards us.
"""It's the Emerald Tablet,"" said the Englishman, proud that he might teach something to the boy."
But men began to reject simple things, and to write tracts, interpretations, and philosophical studies.
I want my husband to wander as free as the wind that shapes the dunes.
"""Because of the omens,"" the alchemist answered."
The old man was probably a Gypsy, too.
The miner had abandoned everything to go mining for emeralds.
"You won't be safe until the money's in our hands."
This crazy llama spit in my face.
She carefully removed the evidence from its packaging.
"And then I'm going to build things."
She refilled her vessel and left.
They play duets together.
Judge may not think so.
Phosphorus is not a semiconductor.
"Don't you remember the home I promised you?"
You used to be able to pitch better than that.
From there, he could see Africa in the distance.
Watching the parody was great entertainment.
"There'll be no Red uprising!"
Have you seen my mom?
"""Don't give in to your fears,"" said the alchemist, in a strangely gentle voice."
"I can't stand the sight of blood."
It was our money and we want it back.
On the third day, the chief met with his officers.
Everything I do is friendly.
Turning off gadgets that are not in use can save a lot of energy.
March was windy and dark.
The line forms on the right.
"If Bill had died in bed we wouldn't even have him."
"I'm doing everything humanly possible."
Pork cutlet is also very tasty, but our religion does not allow us to eat it.
He ate his dinner in solitude, contemplating his solemn task.
Now it will be with hope.
"Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time."
Paracetamol should get rid of that pain.
"""I need to sell some wool,"" the boy told the merchant."
"That's about the best description I know."
The boy looked out at the horizon.
Phone the newspapers.
Go on out and get rid of it.
"I'm sending it over with Beth."
They were strange books.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
"I guess you're right."
And look how many things the wind already knew how to do!
Just get me home.
So you got married?
That lady is so fashionable!
"Read some books, won't you? "
"""I'm not hiding anything,"" the boy answered."
"I don't know you from Adam."
"I don't know why we don't all have pneumonia."
For at that time, it had not occurred to him that it might be hollow.
But where are the houses?
"""You are almost at the end of your journey,"" said the alchemist."
Your son went to serve at a distant place, and became a centurion.
"Don't you know me?"
What were you going to write about Hillary?
"""Where are you bound?"" asked the young Arab."
The reader does not need to know how it is actually computed.
We beat the whole country on that story.
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
He dabbled in painting, drawing, and photography before finding his true passion.
They dismounted, and the alchemist said nothing.
"I guess I'm just upset about all this."
"Don't wait till the game is called on account of darkness!"
Maybe Donald was gonna be her best man.
"Can't you read me?"
We must stay hidden.
"You're the only one in town that can help me."
vibrations of peace throughout the tent.
Perhaps she forgot all about it.
They raise their glasses.
"I wish you wouldn't."
People saw me coming and welcomed me, he thought.
A little college girl from a School of Journalism!
The frog had no chance to escape.
"That's why I was sent down here."
Remember the interview I wrote with Alice Wellman?
HTML is not a programming language.
"""I noticed that,"" the boy answered."
"""Don't say anything,"" Fatima interrupted."
Cause you know how politicians are.
"I'm going to find Kyle's mother."
His heart was heavy, and he had been melancholy since the previous night.
He sat looking at the sky for a long time.
The day was hot, and the wine was refreshing.
Access denied.
Induction hobs do not work by thermal radiation.
The sun burned mercilessly from the sky.
I never had any such idea.
See you in the funny papers.
"""Your eyes show the strength of your soul,"" answered the alchemist."
A sight for sore eyes.
He decided to stay right there and await his return.
Historic mills were usually powered by water, wind or horse power.
"Don't tell me what to do!"
They were tribesmen dressed in blue, with black rings surrounding their turbans.
Today was the day their lives would change forever.
What do you know about that?
He thought of the woman who had trusted in the desert.
"It's a sacrifice we all ought to be glad to make."
The Panama Canal connects the Pacific Ocean with the Atlantic Ocean.
There was no justification for it.
She ate an old pear and started suffocating.
The train lines provided an easy path to follow.
"I don't want anything for myself."
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
Kids these days are the best.
"""Once you get into the desert, there's no going back,"" said the camel driver."
The pink love heart keyring glowed.
He was a wealthy man?
"It's what you have always wanted to accomplish."
Give it to me.
"You're not going anywhere."
The one in there.
It has happened many times before.
At the first glance, it was really not very exciting.
The alchemist removed the pan from the fire, and set it aside to cool.
"He's a fanatic."
He managed to cure his RSI completely over several months, but he never stopped using his voice.
The little group of people from the city dispersed.
Somehow, the purple colour faded to gray.
So, when I look out over your sands, I am also looking at her.
"I think it's marvelous."
I use short made-up words to dictate common symbols.
"Currently, Mozilla's implementation requires that users train their own speech models."
August may have ended early.
He placed the DVD into the player.
What did you say?
People that never had to worry.
"""I can work for the rest of today,"" the boy answered."
The church is right next to the gas station.
Monkeys smile when they are scared.
It is the most valuable stamp in the world.
The only shadow was that of the few scattered pine trees.
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
But none of that mattered to the alchemist.
"You can't stay here."
"They spoke about mercury, salt, dragons, and kings, and he didn't understand any of it."
A friend had told the boy about the shop, and he had taken his sheep there.
Janet Roger died three months ago.
He had seen kings and beggars walking the desert sands.
The woman in the red dress is stunning.
In order to find the treasure, you will have to follow the omens.
People say strange things, the boy thought.
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
The caravans had been stopped at Giza for some time, waiting for the wars to end.
Everything on earth is being continuously transformed, because the earth is alive.
Somebody threw him off a train.
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
Somebody had returned my lost credit card to the bank.
He waited patiently for the merchant to awaken and open the shop.
We miss you and miss having a friend like you, and I am so happy that you two got to catch up.
He paid for the wool and asked the shepherd to come back the following year.
No one can verify your results.
The boy and the Englishman had bought camels, and climbed uncertainly onto their backs.
"I'm going home and see my wife and family."
Could you issue us one perchance?
Do you understand what it means?
She danced like a swan, tall and graceful.
Forget it, there is no such thing.
Next time it rains, please call me.
I like the avenger of the new episode, he really is a badass.
Will no one go?
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed at this part of the beach.
Go ahead, try me.
Every time I read through it, I seem to end up rephrasing things and making them shorter.
That is an antelope, my son.
Yesterday, I asked my doctor for a new prescription.
Do you understand me?
I booked a hotel in Bali, Indonesia for this holiday.
Like master, like man.
Compared to other countries in the world, Japan has a very low birth rate.
Paper is scarce, so write with much care.
I told you homeboy, smuggling is being prosecuted.
However, I do not think it is impossible.
What is it you wish to know?
She expects that her birthday cake should be pink, not purple.
"Well, I have one last play left to try, and this one's a classic."
Can you do your babysitting from outside my office?
Java is not only an island, but also a popular programming language.
Do you know him?
"Don't you know it?"
The penguin waddles across the ice, joining her companions.
Hey Lucy, have you remembered the lyrics for the anthem yet?
What is to be done?
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
What is the weather in Brazil during the summer?
The results of the test were inconclusive, and it has not been repeated.
Have you played chess?
Lit. all hail, fresh, pious, joyous, free.
By area, Quebec is the largest province of Canada.
What do you think?
Might others within your organisation have some inkling as to the their desires?
I was hoping you might know a thing or two about my surly shadow?
A musical note sustained to its full length, with no break between it and the next note.
"That's not exactly a widely used piece of software."
"Without knowing where they went, there's not much we can do but wait."
They were spaced out, in rows three feet apart.
Have you met Peter?
Can you help me with this question?
What do you know about him?
Well, then, allow me to retort.
"Won't you sit down?"
Many teens make videos these days, inspired by their role models.
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
"No, I don't want to be a pilot."
What sort of a man was he?
They are very impressive, I will admit.
In this case, another block is added to the message.
Yes, this is the right place.
What are you up to?
Three for a dime, the young peddler cried.
Necessity is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.
What will they think?
"I understand that you're going to want to bring the cops in on this, but I can't be here when you do."
There was an accident at work, a camel stampede nearly killed the janitor.
You have a great deal of experience with investigative work then?
The family that prays together, stays together.
"That's all you woke me up for, ancient history?"
You tell me, and I will do it.
"There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here."
I think the party was an amusement for most of the guests, but Mirco felt really out of place.
Is it not so?
Where did you come up with that idea?
"And just how do you think we're going to manage that?"
When was the last time you spoke with him prior to his departure?
On a scale from one (for not at all) and ten (for very much), how much pain do you feel?
"I'd like to order some cinnamon pretzels, please."
Put that back exactly where you found it this instant.
No, I have a single mattress and my office floor.
By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we save your data for twenty-one days to detect frauds.
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Bananas contain a lot of sugar, even though they are fruits.
What was she like?
Very well then, what is it that you need me to track down?
The lens was heavy, but it had an amazing zoom.
Are you going to Kyoto this June?
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
Does the sensor still have the same deficits when it comes to interoperability with other vendors?
Well, we shall see.
Where did they come from?
"Sorry, I'll explain more when I actually understand what's going on."
Was that question rhetorical?
What have you done?
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
"From a technical point of view, the MP-Three-standard is completely outdated and yet it's still very successful."
I generally like jazz, but this record is oversteered – thanks loudness war!
What do you want here?
"No, he's loyal."
After the last patient left, the doctor carefully washed her hands.
What made you do it?
"I could easily be wrong, so that's just a guess."
So, what are your plans for tonight?
Can I be used to request invocation of a subsystem on the remote system?
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
Yeah, I was in a wheel chair for months.
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
Jason opened some old, dusty chests in the attic of his house.
Considering the growth of human population, insects might be the food of the future.
"So you haven't heard about the Bezier Tool, right?"
What are you going to do, sir?
Who was using this lab when the necklace was still here?
Every evening, the dogs in our neighbourhood are howling.
The computer was going insane, it displayed garbled nonsense and then shut down.
Did you see it?
But do you have a lab full of robots?
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Do you notice the flickering of the neon lights?
Jacqueline, Micheal and Nicholas were often called Jack, Mike and Nokia.
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
Oh, my dear child!
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
They walked in from the rain, all dishevelled and steaming.
"The python wasn't a snake, it was a programming language."
When the carpet and the curtains caught fire, it was getting warm.
You know, he is an honest man.
I know, I know!
Actually, quietness is my normal mode in most situations.
Do you speak German?
Are you sure of that?
What is it, boss?
Where can I apply for the job of a millionaire?
"""We haven’t reached our target yet"", said the boss."
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger.
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
Where God has his church, the devil will have his chapel.
The grim reaper is waiting for you, reckless driver!
"I didn't find the blow-dryer, so I just used the vacuum-cleaner."
"Grow angry slowly, there's plenty of time."
The reason for this, is to discern your strengths.
Badminton is my favorite type of racket sports.
The hare springs out, when one thinks not of it.
Second, the mines around the city got depleted.
Can you file these files, please?
Apparently, the autocomplete feature is not working temporarily.
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink."
If you do not have your ticket, I cannot let you in.
"Kenneth reacted badly to the steroids, he's under observation for the next hour."
I was screwing the screw with a screwdriver, then I said “Screw it.”
"We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things."
"Yeah, I'm talking to you."
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
What does it mean?
Phil, will you take a stance on this matter?
Well, what of that?
Yes, it would be difficult.
Where have you been this afternoon?
"He always stutters when he's nervous, that's why he delegated the speech."
But what of it?
You could run an interview that would prove it.
"He's allergic to him."
You should see his fan mail!
"That's what it means!"
They jetted off to the Bahamas.
To stuff into their own pockets.
Then why should they be surprised when they see one?
She told me she feels hopeful and optimistic.
However, the authors ignore a very large body of work on tone mapping.
Milkshake is best in its chocolate form.
They represent millions of voters!
Grandma is fearless.
Who else knows about this?
A great humanitarian and the best friend the Jessie Bakers have.
"You can't take that desk out."
Would you rather leave?
"I wish they'd take me back and hang me."
I feel fine now.
"But this'll teach them a lesson."
It was a mega monster made of metal.
And find out where the nearest telegraph office is.
You may kiss my hand.
"I'll be a monkey's uncle!"
"That's the main idea."
The cinema was abandoned.
"What'll it take till the bank reopens?"
The place is so full of cockroaches.
"They say it's a fake!"
Better hurry and shave.
"They say at Patti's house he left two hours ago."
"I'm just a fool."
"I guess you're right."
Say something else.
Can you do your stuff?
And then he would ask us to go back to our easels and replicate all the techniques in one go.
Why are the weights computed this way?
I feel grateful for the time that we have spend together.
"Eighteen of us couldn't move the van."
Just like an organ.
But you want to know something?
I tore him apart!
Saved us another building.
Until my wing went bad.
"It's coming right over."
The fire alarm went off again, but when I looked outside, there was no one there.
For some reason, we were blocked from entering.
My father offered her a job.
Everything I say is right.
We went to the beach to sunbathe.
"I wouldn't live in it as a ghost."
Are you a real cowboy?
"All you've got to do is talk to him."
"We've got to get to them!"
And a new contract goes with it.
This man claims he was kidnapped.
In a little while.
"But don't take my word for it!"
"You're still a good reporter."
"I thought sure you'd remember me."
Be less complicated without a family.
"Wasn't that a swell story we gave you?"
And a guy named Jefferson Phillip.
Just beginning to get an idea what those things mean.
Twenty thousand dollars a year?
Turn on the lights!
The trouble with you is you let people step on you!
"We'll carry the desk over."
"I think it's about bird hunting, but now I can see how that might be misinterpreted."
Just one thing more.
"But what's all this?"
"It's a commentary on what we laughingly call the civilized world."
She went over to the hospital to call on Professor Davis.
Apple pie is an iconic dish.
Explanations are illogical and confusing.
I know this might sound really bad, but listening to this music just makes me want to go hide in the mountains.
The text is often unnecessarily obscure.
"Pretty nice neck you've got there."
How long is what?
"And what's the matter with a thousand dollars?"
"It was as if Carl realised that he was a puppet under someone else's control."
The fire burned the fox.
On top of all that, the weeds keep growing and the garbage has to be taken out.
I think I sprained my pride.
So that was it.
"You don't happen to have eight thousand bucks on you?"
What does that get us?
What are you looking for?
"Now that's too much!"
"I think maybe you'd better."
What do you know about that?
"You can't talk to her like that though."
Vanessa cannot undo her mistake.
She lives in the park.
A mink coat and a diamond bracelet.
That was until the site was blocked.
Do you know him?
Evaluation should be extended to other datasets.
How would you like a punch in the nose?
"You don't know Scott."
what can I do now?
"You'll ask me to what?"
What were you doing in Boston?
The population was increasing exponentially.
Nobody knew who Malcolm was.
"I'd like to join but nobody asked me."
"You'd better start right now."
They say this is not good.
"We've got something a whole lot bigger than that."
Then suppose you give me the money.
We first met each other under the Eiffel tower, it was magical.
The vertex was out of alignment.
"Do you know what you're going to do?"
Do you think Steven would have let you keep it?
Want to walk to New York?
And a labor leader like Melville?
"Where do you think you're going?"
Give them a little third degree.
"I don't know how to explain it."
I haven’t seen her in ages, and I hope she remembers me still!
The neighbors are serving him a light lunch.
People that never had to worry.
A whiskey is the perfect end to my day.
Are you trying to make me out a liar?
Carbon dioxide is causing global warming.
Listen to the woman!
One million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
"They'll believe him."
"She doesn't have the money."
Did you give her the money?
Just one more try.
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
"Sometimes I get so mad at you I can't see straight."
The silicon sealant has dried.
Isn’t this a parameter of the method?
"We've got to get this desk out of here."
You know where they are?
"You could save that poor devil's life."
"The oxygen's only to help him till the doctor gets here."
"I haven't any hard feelings."
Have a good trip?
Did you get it?
"We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything."
We were in the same outfit.
We dont want him!
The ideas should be presented in a more concise and direct manner.
It was the devil!
It always gets me right here.
There was a rough patch of skin.
The requirements are rather high for this job.
"I don't like seals anyhow."
I felt a chill down my spine.
He decanted the wine and began to recount the disturbing story he had been told.
"I've stuck it back together."
Formatting of tables should be improved.
"If he hasn't he certainly has a telephone book."
All of the resources were used up.
He preferred to sit down and wait.
"I don't want to take any chances."
"What's the matter with you?"
The Englishman vanished, too, gone to find the alchemist.
The man looked at him without responding.
He had found where his treasure was, and was frightened at what might happen.
Mission accomplished!
I think we were wrong about Sally having the money.
"And here's a kiss for you."
White washed walls drive me mad.
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
She likes you.
"I'm going to go back to doing just what I did before, the boy thought."
As the Englishman left, Fatima arrived and filled her vessel with water.
I think somebody stole one of his crown jewels.
He was just and good.
"""I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist,"" the wind said."
Thousands of people die every year as a consequence of air pollution.
I left her hanging around the American Express.
"""What is love?"" the desert asked."
I would put it up there!
"This isn't a kidnapping."
"""So, then try,"" he said to the Englishman."
Everyone toasted the bride and groom.
This is Keith Miller.
All of the organs are exposed in our exhibition hall.
Maybe I could sell tickets.
"Mother's on the extension."
Why does a plant turn towards the sun?
"""Good-bye,"" said the boy."
"I'll see that she gets the flowers."
"""Should I understand the Emerald Tablet?"" the boy asked."
The S.W.A.T. entry team used an optical wand to observe the proceedings behind the door.
"""You didn't have to do any cleaning,"" he said."
This makes the remote Ubuntu windows look like native Windows applications, each with a named pinnable taskbar button.
His new friend pushed the owner aside, and pulled the boy outside with him.
The heather was on fire, and you could see a thin blue smoke rising up slowly.
Next time, we are going to do it differently.
The boy could certainly resist causing that kind of anxiety for the baker.
"And I think it's terrific!"
"""We're in no hurry,"" the chief answered."
"I'm going to scream!"
Got to get some practice.
All that time the Martians must have been getting ready.
He sat on a stone, and allowed himself to become hypnotized by the horizon.
You could have died after peace had been declared.
"But I'm so awkward at parties."
"""I make my living forecasting the future for people,"" he said."
This kettle is quicker at boiling water than the old one.
I find the other argument dubious.
Just like an organ.
The hookahs were extinguished, and the guards stood at attention.
"You should read the new book Mark Twain's writing now."
The desert was all sand in some stretches, and rocky in others.
It seemed he had made the long journey for nothing.
They are not really friends, they just work together and talk from time to time.
They reminded him of the old man.
A genuine loving cup.
Until my wing went bad.
Then he realized that he had been distracted for a few moments, looking at the sword.
We need somebody like you.
"There's a thread in their forums complaining about this."
The sun was turned into a golden disk.
And continue to pay heed to the omens.
"Stove's hotter than I thought."
Wilma’s gone cat sitting again for the weekend if you want to come over.
"It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?"
"I wouldn't live in it as a ghost."
"Chickens lay so many eggs a week, it wouldn't be possible to breed them all."
Collateral of any kind?
"""Does a man's heart always help him?"" the boy asked the alchemist."
The report was largely scathing.
No doubt the impact had caused a flash of fire.
"I've got indigestion."
Smoking is prohibited.
He appeared with the first stars of evening.
"We're just slowly plodding through some user interviews at the moment. "
"I don't want Mrs. Douglas."
From that day on, it was the desert that would be important.
How about some of that good spaghetti?
There must be somebody there!
Pierre decided to research gay culture.
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
"Then who's this one?"
"I bet you she'd know how to say it all right."
"The Englishman's eyes lit up."
You just pat him.
The display was underwhelming.
Lindsey promised to call you from New York tonight.
"""Why would a king be talking with a shepherd?"" the boy asked, awed and embarrassed."
"Don't let Facebook take up all of your time."
Then where is your gun?
"What's up?"
Have a hectic day?
Victoria does things in a much bigger way.
"""I am proud of you,"" he said."
"I'll find out everything."
I want to do something big and something important.
His father said no more.
"And I'll say it in my own words this time."
And get me a pen.
"No, that's not what I mean."
The boy repeated his question.
"You mean you're not coming back to work here?"
He wanted to tell him about Fatima.
"That's why I'm an angel Second Class."
"His way isn't the same as mine, nor mine as his."
And there were dunes, rocks, and plants that insisted on living where survival seemed impossible.
I went stretching my legs clumsily and feeling my way in the dark.
"""They were looking only for gold,"" his companion answered."
"We didn't steal it."
The fumes from the traffic was unbearable.
Queuing is something the British excel at.
This can arouse national interest!
"""That's the principle that governs all things,"" he said."
"But he's on the right track."
You have told me about your dreams, about the old king and your treasure.
"That's the point at which most people give up."
Me and a friend of mine.
The last extension I rely on is Keyboard Shortcuts to Reorder Tabs.
With the girl with the raven hair, his days would never be the same again.
"""There are many languages spoken by things,"" the boy said."
"It's a nasty day."
From that day on, the oasis would be an empty place for her.
"""The falcon's beak carries bits of me, myself,"" the desert said."
"If you want a sandwich, don't hesitate grabbing one."
The cross has a big meaning in Christianity.
A card hanging in the doorway announced that several languages were spoken in the shop.
Suddenly, the elder at the center smiled almost imperceptibly, and the boy felt better.
You were seen at the enemy camp three days ago.
My mother just called you?
The boy watched the exchange with fascination.
What do you know about it?
"You've put one administration out and another in."
The greatest authority on meteorites stated that the height of its first appearance was about ninety or one hundred miles.
"It's easy to jump to a particular one."
The other son was a poet, and delighted all of Rome with his beautiful verses.
"I'm addicted to recycling."
Do you think Steven would have let you keep it?
"""What is an alchemist?"" he asked, finally."
I told him we could teach her to ignore people who waste her time.
The boy was embarrassed, and confessed that he had observed nothing.
"That's what alchemists do."
"You don't deny that."
"""We don't know when the war will end, so we can't continue our journey,"" he said."
"He transformed himself into a stone that rolled up to the miner's foot."
There goes another scrub lady.
All they ever do, really, is look for food and water.
But that was simply because my eye was tired.
"He didn't want any conversation at this point."
There was a general movement backwards.
Not even the tribal chieftains are able to see him when they want to.
"I'll take that bet."
"How they managed to improvise at such short notice, she'll never know."
I know its dimensions and how it behaves.
"""But I'm going in search of my treasure,"" the boy said."
He should respect tradition.
Even coming down on the train together she wrote me.
"I wasn't born yesterday."
Before the sun had reached its high point, five hundred tribesmen appeared on the horizon.
Besides that, there was a heap of bicycles.
What have you done with my keys?
That man is terrific!
"If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire."
"""Do you know someone here who cures people's illnesses?"" the boy asked."
"I'm not gonna talk about them."
The same hand that had brandished the sword now held a whip.
I think they perceived that nothing was to be done at the moment.
"He felt uneasy at the man's presence."
"I'm never more aware of a room's acoustics than when I'm trying to enjoy a snack I have no intention of sharing."
When the sun sets, the men will once again surrender their arms to me.
At other times, at a crucial moment, I make it easier for things to happen.
"""It's the oasis,"" said the camel driver."
"""Where do you live?"" shouted the boy, as the horseman rode away."
The boy was suddenly happy to be there at the warehouse.
There was no way for everybody to know about alchemy.
The woman was silent for some time.
From then on, the boy understood his heart.
"""Continue in the direction of the Pyramids,"" said the alchemist."
"""The alchemist is two hundred years old,"" the Englishman had told him."
And he asked the boy if he, too, were in search of the alchemist.
"""Nature knows me as the wisest being in creation,"" the sun said."
"""Who told you that?"" asked the boy, startled."
They locked themselves in their laboratories, and tried to evolve, as gold had.
And, if you improve on the present, what comes later will also be better.
Wearing his new sandals, he descended the stairs silently.
Advancing slowly, they searched among the stones.
I was scared, but wasted no time in going out and crossing the bridge to the sand pits.
They made the boy continue digging, but he found nothing.
Then the old man began to inspect the sheep, and he saw that one was lame.
Sadly, my dream of becoming a squirrel whisperer may never happen.
He was planning as he left the bar.
"""Now leave us alone,"" said the boy to the young Arab."
"""I have had the same dream twice,"" he said."
He wandered for a while, keeping the date palms of the oasis within sight.
"Death doesn't change anything, the boy thought."
It was the first time she had done that.
All they think about is food and water.
Looking through the telescope, I saw a circle of deep blue and the little round planet.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up.
"You'll marry Fatima, and you'll both be happy for a year."
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
We lit the lantern and walked over to his house.
It commenced to blow harder, raising the desert sands.
This is for the boy.
"""But then they wouldn't be a part of your future,"" the seer had said."
"""We're in no hurry,"" the chief answered."
"""My name is Melchizedek,"" said the old man."
"""This was my destiny, not yours,"" the alchemist answered."
"And, above all, don't forget to follow your destiny through to its conclusion."
He sat on a stone, and allowed himself to become hypnotized by the horizon.
I pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light.
The man was speaking the language of alchemy.
He was immensely excited at the news.
His hands began to tremble, and the woman sensed it.
It seemed he had made the long journey for nothing.
He started to read the book he had bought.
The boy thought it a strange question.
"""Like everybody learns,"" he said."
But he appeared to be unaware of any danger.
He thought of all the married shepherds he had known.
Your son went to serve at a distant place, and became a centurion.
He also tried to remember some good stories to relate as he sheared the sheep.
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night.
"I don't want to change anything, because I don't know how to deal with change."
"""Well, then, why do we need all these books?"" the boy asked."
They never found the secret.
"She would never know the difference, because she didn't know how to read."
"This wasn't a strange place; it was a new one."
I was disappointed at this inanimate bulk.
The boy knew a lot of people in the city.
Like eating or sleeping, or like seeking love or finding a job.
The Arab accepted them without a word.
About eleven, I walked back to my home in Maybury because nothing seemed to be happening.
"""You have helped me."" The man continued to prepare his tea, saying nothing."
The boy remembered his dream, and suddenly everything was clear to him.
"""You can't offer me something that is already mine,"" the chief said, arrogantly."
"And she already has her treasure: it's you."
No doubt the impact had caused a flash of fire.
His life and his path had always provided him with enough omens.
"""He needs three days,"" answered the alchemist."
Down below in the darkness were hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.
Even if you cleaned my crystal for an entire year...
You have enough gold to buy many sheep and many camels.
And also by unhappiness, envy, and jealousy.
"""You gave them everything I had!"" the boy said."
Arabs often appeared in the city, shopping and chanting their strange prayers several times a day.
People saw me coming and welcomed me, he thought.
I know why I want to get back to my flock, he thought.
They called it the simum, and it was worse than a storm at sea.
"Then you'll die in the midst of trying to realize your destiny."
It was such a gradual movement that he found it only by noticing the dots.
"""I'm coming, Fatima,"" he said."
The merchant looked anxiously at the boy.
If what one finds is made of pure matter, it will never spoil.
His heart was heavy, and he had been melancholy since the previous night.
"'And this is what your son said,' the angel told the man."
"""You came so that you could learn about your dreams,"" said the old woman."
The boy picked up his pouch and put it with his other things.
I wished I had a light to smoke by.
And there were dunes, rocks, and plants that insisted on living where survival seemed impossible.
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
They called that discovery the Master Work — it was part liquid and part solid.
I went stretching my legs clumsily and feeling my way in the dark.
"I don't want anything else in life."
"""Your eyes show the strength of your soul,"" answered the alchemist."
The woman sat down, and told him to be seated as well.
But we could sell tea in crystal glasses.
"The boy noticed that the man's clothing was strange."
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
"I had the ""everyone has Gary Busey's teeth"" dream again."
"""Speak to the hand that wrote all,"" said the sun."
The caravan moved toward the east.
Maybe it was because they moved around so much.
The people were also praying to heaven for protection.
The men fell into an animated discussion.
The Englishman had several suitcases filled with books.
But the boy never took his eye off his new friend.
Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.
"If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence."
I found these one day in the fields.
"I'm going to them."
The owner of the bar came over and looked, as well.
It was glaringly hot, not a cloud in the sky nor a breath of wind.
The boy was shocked.
"""I'm not going very far,"" the alchemist answered, looking straight into the eyes of the horsemen."
"Even me — I haven't thought of other women since I met the merchant's daughter."
"""I am here,"" the boy said."
The boy watched the exchange with fascination.
"It's called the principle of favorability, beginner's luck."
Even the guides spoke very little to one another.
I finally have enough money, and all the time I need.
"""I want to tell you a story about dreams,"" said the alchemist."
"But she hadn't charged him anything."
"It's the Master Work of the alchemists."
"If he makes a buying mistake, it doesn't affect him much."
That first day, everyone slept from exhaustion, including the Englishman.
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over eastward.
The boy said nothing.
The next day, he gave his son a pouch that held three ancient Spanish gold coins.
The wind began to blow again.
"""I'm going to guide you across the desert,"" the alchemist said."
There was a hole there among the stones.
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
To do that successfully, I must have no fear of failure.
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
Just by looking at them.
He told Fatima that, at their next meeting.
"""Watch out for his venom,"" the boy said."
The boy approached her to ask about the alchemist.
It was better than the scent of the hookahs.
"They had gone away to breakfast at Henderson's house."
He stuck his hand into the pouch, and felt around for one of the stones.
They must be used to their new shepherd, and have probably already forgotten me.
"""Let's stop this,"" another commander said."
Something bright reflected from his chest with such intensity that the boy was momentarily blinded.
"The alchemist opened a bottle and poured a red liquid into the boy's cup."
An huge hole had been made by the impact of the projectile.
But the boy was too frightened to listen to words of wisdom.
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise.
Another trick, the boy thought.
He took out one of the stones.
Many of them had been right about what they said, while some had been wrong.
"The time must have been somewhere around six o'clock."
We were all made by the same hand, and we have the same soul.
He had understood the story the old king had told him.
He had already seen many people come and go, and the desert remained as it was.
"""Fatima is a woman of the desert,"" said the alchemist."
"""Let's,"" the alchemist answered."
"""There is no wine in this country,"" the young man said."
He had assumed he would soon return to his sheep.
She refilled her vessel and left.
"You and I aren't like Hassan, that rich merchant."
It was there that the wise man lived.
It was starlight, and I explained the Signs of the Zodiac to her.
The boy was surprised.
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
In some places, the ground was covered with the salt of dried-up lakes.
Several figures approached him.
They were relieved and happy.
The world speaks many languages, the boy thought.
Gold would lose its value.
Then suddenly, they kneel and die.
But horses tire bit by bit.
He was just and good.
"He didn't need to seek out the old woman for this!"
If a person is living out his destiny, he knows everything he needs to know.
"But he certainly didn't desire that an army invade the oasis."
He reached over and picked up a shell from the ground.
"Sometimes it's better to be with the sheep, who don't say anything."
To continue his search for the treasure meant that he had to abandon Fatima.
He was tense and upset, because he knew that the old man was right.
"""Good-bye,"" said the boy."
"And it's not love to see everything from a distance, like you do."
Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet.
After all, what he had always wanted was just that: to know new places.
Revenge is not my style, but obviously accidents will happen.
The alchemist lighted the fire, and soon a delicious aroma filled the tent.
"""I had never heard of alchemists before,"" the boy said."
"People continued to come and go from the baker's shop."
It commenced to blow harder, raising the desert sands.
There was a murmur from the crowd.
Throughout the night, the boy dug at the place he had chosen, but found nothing.
"And the alchemist understood that the boy's heart had returned to the Soul of the World."
"Another, who was searching the boy's bags, found the piece of gold."
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
I heard a faint movement under my feet.
They shouted consolation and promises and went off back to the town again to get help.
"""Men dream more about coming home than about leaving,"" the boy said."
The night was warm and I was thirsty.
"""Like everybody learns,"" he said."
All this happened between sunrise and sunset, the boy thought.
And he told what he had seen.
He knew he was stronger than his friend.
And that he, a boy, could perform miracles.
His eyes filled with tears as he spoke of the Prophet.
The Englishman said nothing.
The alchemist erased the circle in the sand, and the snake slithered away among the rocks.
Scattered groups of people were hurrying from the direction of Woking.
It was the pure Language of the World.
He understands the forces of nature.
And, in that way, the months passed.
Eventually, the merchant had to hire two more employees.
Your heart is alive.
They never found the secret.
"She would never know the difference, because she didn't know how to read."
The boy knew a lot of people in the city.
He really was a king, a wise king.
They dismounted, and the alchemist said nothing.
"""Much better,"" said the old man."
"""Why do you want to find that sort of person?"" the Arab asked."
"He won't leave the circle."
The boy remembered his dream, and suddenly everything was clear to him.
"""Does a man's heart always help him?"" the boy asked the alchemist."
Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.
The boy was strong, and wanted to retaliate, but he was in a foreign country.
"I'm an old, superstitious Arab, and I believe in our proverbs."
In those days, very few of the people had any idea about astronomy.
Another person was there to help him toward his destiny.
Down below in the darkness were hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.
He was proud of himself.
Arabs often appeared in the city, shopping and chanting their strange prayers several times a day.
"I thought that someday I'd be rich, and could go to Mecca."
He carried two dead hawks over his shoulder.
There was surely a baker in her town.
"""Why would a king be talking with a shepherd?"" the boy asked, awed and embarrassed."
"I've already told you."
During one of these conversations, the driver told of his own life.
When he reached the top of the dune, his heart leapt.
"""Well then, why did you let me do it?"" the boy asked."
They called it the simum, and it was worse than a storm at sea.
I want to get back to my sheep faster.
He had no idea how he was going to transform himself into the wind.
"""I waited all afternoon and evening,"" he said."
The immense collection of people and animals began to travel faster.
"The desert didn't answer him for a few moments."
They walked together through the narrow streets of Tangier.
"""Let's go and have some lunch,"" said the crystal merchant."
He wrapped the twigs in a piece of cloth and put them back in his bag.
The day was hot, and the wine was refreshing.
Where was his horse?
After two hours, he returned to the room where the wise man was.
"""Well, usually I learn more from my sheep than from books,"" he answered."
"""You can't be the wind,"" the wind said."
"""That's never happened to me,"" the boy said."
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
This is for you.
I only interpret dreams.
"""They were looking only for gold,"" his companion answered."
I locked eyes with a fish in the tank.
"""I'm going into the desert,"" the man answered, turning back to his reading."
"The boy noticed that the man's clothing was strange."
"""You are wise, because you observe everything from a distance,"" the boy said."
The boy knew, and was now working toward it.
The simum blew that day as it had never blown before.
"He didn't want his hand to begin trembling, showing the old woman that he was fearful."
After all, he had all his money.
As he sat there thinking, he sensed movement above him.
"The wind's curiosity was aroused, something that had never happened before."
He ran his fingers slowly over the stones, sensing their temperature and feeling their surfaces.
"That's the point at which most people give up."
"It's called the principle of favorability."
They stood there looking at the moon.
He regretted having spoken to the camel driver about what he had seen in the desert.
The alchemist was a bit daunting, but, as the boy drank the wine, he relaxed.
"""There are many languages spoken by things,"" the boy said."
A thin circle of bright metal showed between the top and the body of the cylinder.
The boy stepped closer to the girl, and when she smiled, he did the same.
"That's the way it will be with our love for each other."
The boy was shocked.
"""Fatima,"" the girl said, averting her eyes."
He hoped that it would be someone as capable as his previous apprentice.
"If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't truelove..."
The hand with the whip pointed to the south.
He has other things to do first.
"Even me — I haven't thought of other women since I met the merchant's daughter."
The book was written in Spanish.
Suddenly, the elder at the center smiled almost imperceptibly, and the boy felt better.
"""There's gold here,"" he said."
"""I am here,"" the boy said."
The boy was also saddened; his friend was in pursuit of his destiny.
"""I'm going with you,"" the boy said."
So, when I look out over your sands, I am also looking at her.
Absolutely despicable that gingerbread men are forced to live in houses made of their own flesh.
"""It's a code,"" said the boy, a bit disappointed."
A line of flame high can be seen in the atmosphere.
I have to find a man who knows that universal language.
"When he's an old man, he's going to spend a month in Africa."
In any case, the desert was impassable.
"""They were given to me as a present by a king,"" the boy said."
Everywhere there were stalls with items for sale.
The young Arab took out a book and began to read.
"That's true, the boy thought."
The level ground was blackened as far as one could see, and it was still giving off smoke.
"The boy's name was Santiago."
"""But that's why you created the game in the first place,"" the boy answered."
And he decided he would go to see the chiefs of the tribes.
"""What is an alchemist?"" he asked, finally."
It was a bundle of money.
"""It's a dream in the language of the world,"" she said."
"""Don't be impatient,"" he repeated to himself."
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza.
"I don't know why these things have to be transmitted by word of mouth, he thought."
The boy began to dig into the dune.
"They had gone away to breakfast at Henderson's house."
"Three days from now, he would be with the merchant's daughter."
The alchemist probably already knew all that.
He got up early with the idea of finding it.
In order to find the treasure, you will have to follow the omens.
Among these people were a couple of cyclists, a gardener I employed sometimes, and a girl carrying a baby.
I have been waiting for you here at this oasis for a long time.
"""Where is the treasure?"" he asked."
It looked like a rusty gas float.
They have gotten used to my being away, and so have I.
That day, the merchant gave the boy permission to build the display.
"""I need it to get to the Pyramids,"" he said."
He paid for the wool and asked the shepherd to come back the following year.
Henderson went into the railway station to telegraph the news to London.
Here I am, between my flock and my treasure, the boy thought.
That he had attended a seminary until he was sixteen.
And what other associates did he have?
Did you check your laser?
A song, a Girl, a maid.
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
Did the president just lie again?
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
Oh, is that all?
How can I tell you that you are fit enough to join the camp?
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
Oh, to be sure!
Yesterday he felt invincible, now he has a hangover.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
Sometimes, I need to clear my browser cache to save more storage space.
Is it possible, if you would be so kind, to lend me your brolly for today?
"Don't advertise: Tell it to a gossip."
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
How do I know?
"Hooray, we're going to Alaska!"
The wise man may change his opinion, but the fool , never.
Okay, I will not be concerned.
That guy over there likes to drink a lot, talk a lot, but do nothing.
In my opinion, you went too far with your satire poem.
And what did you do then?
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
Tyler, do you remember when I gave you that note?
Have I offended you?
"Your gran's been nicking stuff from the corner shop again, mate."
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
"""This is a common misconception"", Sheldon said."
"It's a long way to Tipperary, it's a long way to go!"
Have you seen it?
Do you have any remedy for louses?
Have you met Catherine?
To calibrate the motion capturing system, please do a T-pose.
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
"Jennifer's expression changed. ""Pull my finger"", she said."
She looked skeptical when leaning against the wall, observing the celebrities.
What are the facts?
"Love is a fluid concept, and I'm not sure if androids get that."
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
And how did you get out?
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
Here, let me show you around.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
Easy come, easy go.
What are we to do?
Check the copyright, trademark, and patent information contained on the website.
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
"What's all this about a necklace?"
"Sorry, but I need to inform Jason that I'll be late."
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
Be right there, boss!
If you see something you like, take it and make it better.
Also, will numbers be written as digits or as words?
How long have you had this bruise?
They both stormed out, neither thinking to fill me in on where they were going.
And what is that?
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
Alice, who the fuck is Bob?
He could have sworn the shadow moved but he kept his eyes fixed on the table, his grip tightening on his cutlery.
Did you know that Mohammad was so good at tennis?
How could I help it?
"If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire."
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
What good would that do?
Yes, that is what I was thinking too.
What is it you want?
Well, I think so.
"Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons."
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
You know, singing karaoke with you makes me realize how good of a singer I am.
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
What do you want?
"I was well, but I'm all the better for being here."
To forget his fear of flying, he imagined how the stewardess would look like in a bikini.
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
May I sit down?
Have you been to Japan?
Jeez, you look stoned!
Under what circumstances might you be persuaded to provide us with passes?
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
I am, but I do not see anything special.
"""Cheers mate,"" he said to the driver as he left the taxi."
A short, distinct, and pointed style the opposite of legato.
"Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know."
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Out of debt, out of danger.
"I'm not hungry, I'm starving."
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
What must I do?
Do you want me to?
How did you get in before?
The more you stir, the more it stinks.
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
Kelvin, Fahrenheit or Celsius – which one is the best unit of temperature?
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
"What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?"
Can we please leave now?
No, he had not.
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
Why did you do it?
Will you hear it?
Suddenly, Kimberly had an idea.
Oh dear, oh dear!
"He who won't be advised, can't be helped."
What did you say your name was?
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
Is it raining right now?
Trust me, being alone with my thoughts was far more disturbing.
Thunder and lightning Hasten with leisure. More hurry, worse speed.
"""What a load of trash"", Sarah opined."
"He's an idol, but he's not a saint."
Classification is, among other things, a discipline of machine learning.
Come in, come in!
How can we reconcile this conflict?
"My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet."
Where did he go?
What do you mean to do?
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
Built January nineteenth, nineteen-seventeen, the monument is now celebrating its centennial.
Waiter, King and emperor.
"Read some books, won't you?"
Are you still using your computer for the research?
"Why don't you speak?"
Charles looked on, angry that there was nothing he could do.
Did you rewind the cassette?
"Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled."
Palm oil is cheap, but workers on illegal plantations get exploited and huge areas of jungle get destroyed for its production.
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
What shall we do now?
"Do you know what they're up to?"
Why not write a petition to the government?
"Last night my little sister crawled into my bed, after she'd had a nightmare."
"""Before you go, I want to hug you"", she said."
What did you think of that trip?
You know her better, so you should do it.
What are they like?
To escape from the smoke, and fall into the fire.
What could he do?
"""Memes are very hackneyed"", she wrote in her book."
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
Thanks to the exhaust turbo charger, we could double the engine torque.
A trill, or shake A triplet.
Well, this exactly happens in an old story from Norwegia.
Deliberate slowly, execute promptly.
I understand, he said.
It was too ridiculous, she told herself.
"""Jellyfish can cause serious injuries"", the physician explained to the patient."
We need to be confident, all of us.
What is it, Tom?
"She's still staying in the maternity ward, but she's feeling much better."
For dinner, they had Cesar salad.
"He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick."
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
Will you come with me?
"What's in it for me?"
How does slow cooling of the hot gaseous state result in pure crystals?
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
Might I use your phone?
What is today?
What shall we do?
"What's your status?"
What did he say?
"In that case, I guess we'll just have to find a way to draw him out."
"They found all sorts of drugs at Howard's house: Cocaine, meth, heroine..."
Is he a drunkard or what?
What did I tell you?
We should all go back to living in the trees, much simpler.
On our way to San Francisco, we were listening to reggae music and smoking weed.
He stood up, and by the time he went back to his seat everybody in the room was questioning the meaning of life.
"There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip."
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
Perhaps, you should just grow sea monkeys.
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
Thank you, just the same.
"The term ""just my two cents"" is about opinion, not about money."
"""That homicide case is giving me headaches"", the police officer said."
Writing, the best memory.
What on earth are you rambling about?
What did you do it for?
What good will that do?
"I'm a detective, not an economist. "
Elsa knitted furiously.
"Here's some cheese you like."
Our merchants bought that man, and brought him to Egypt.
What does she look like?
"You'd think I was on the witness stand!"
"I'm going to school."
The boy wanted to believe that his friend had simply become separated from him by accident.
He prepared himself a sandwich and drank some hot tea from a crystal glass.
"She will also announce the third party's candidate for the presidency."
"""Thank you,"" said the boy."
I SHALL MAKE US SOME ICE CUBES.
I forgot to thank you for those roses.
He did find it, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
The boy was suddenly happy to be there at the warehouse.
Have you seen my mom?
In those times, the Master Work could be written simply on an emerald.
And yet, none of these people has ever met the old king.
"Lucy's a newspaper woman."
He was just and good.
Take a couple of seconds.
Dense clouds of smoke or dust can be seen through a powerful telescope.
"It's because you were not born."
"I've heard her speak of you."
"But the boy couldn't even speak."
We should meet some day.
The LED monitor was cracked quite badly.
Bush leagues mostly.
"But then he remembered that he wasn't going to have to pay anything."
Smiling is just part of living a fulfilled life.
Before the boy could reply, a butterfly appeared and fluttered between him and the old man.
"But there was something there in his heart that wouldn't allow him to do so."
It was a juggernaut.
Tell her I elected her and I can have her impeached!
It could get a whole lot worse.
Artisanal gin bar, seriously?!
He placed Urim and Thummim in the chest.
It was the first time she had done that.
I thought you were going to teach me some of the things you know.
The five French tourists stepped over the excited bulldogs.
Where do you come from?
"What's so depressing about that?"
His hands were abraded and exhausted, but he listened to his heart.
A boy came running towards me.
Give her the works.
Do you have anything to eat?
"There was a time when, for me, a camel's whinnying was nothing more than whinnying."
"And I'm going to insist on his being produced for questioning."
"""I didn't come here to have you read my palm,"" he said, already regretting having come."
On the first day he returned with a rabbit, and on the second with two birds.
You like every boy.
The old woman had said the same thing.
The boy observed in silence the progress of the animals and people across the desert.
The heather was on fire, and you could see a thin blue smoke rising up slowly.
Parents should look out for correct grammar and pronunciation when speaking to their children.
"""I'm not hiding anything,"" the boy answered."
"Maybe they're like me."
"I'm going to scream!"
The boy fell to his knees and wept.
Got to get some practice.
Must she keep playing that?
They tell their incredible stories at the time when you want to hear them.
Afraid it might rain?
"Kelly was interested in clearing up her brother's death."
She knows that men have to go away in order to return.
But he appeared to be unaware of any danger.
Do you read me?
"She didn't have one."
Everyone should have health insurance.
"That doesn't happen to just anyone!"
We need to hurry.
"The boy didn't want to talk about the Pyramids."
Now I want you to sign this agreement.
Gary pulled another coin from his pouch.
But who asked him?
They never found the secret.
"The guitar broke and she couldn't play anymore."
You certainly delivered the goods.
You go along and have a good time.
The boy smiled to himself.
"But they've got nothing to do with this case."
"you're playing with dynamite!"
"Well, it's a long list."
"The gods should not have desires, because they don't have destinies."
My tax dollars pay for those public school proms.
What would you say about that?
No doubt the impact had caused a flash of fire.
Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.
Upon returning to the wise man, he related in detail everything he had seen.
"I don't want Mrs. Douglas."
Whom are you calling now?
"You're just like Father used to be."
The idea frightened him.
Not everyone can see his dreams come true in the same way.
"""They didn't have the printing press in those days,"" the boy argued."
My dear Regina I hope you are enjoying your holiday.
Turn on the lights!
"Love is the falcon's flight over your sands."
"Sidelights on Sheriff Hartman's manhunt."
"I'm not interested in your book."
"""This desert was once a sea,"" he said."
She went over to the hospital to call on Professor Davis.
I like the way she talks.
"Every day was there to be lived or to mark one's departure from this world."
"Who'd you say it was?"
Which one is mine?
Not with my money!
Are you going to call me?
"What's my name doing on it?"
What a reception they got.
Weekends are always fun.
"Let's have your story."
She was waiting for her response.
This is a ludicrous situation.
Can I help you pack?
I can not help but feel that this topic is hopelessly outdated.
"It was as if Carl realised that he was a puppet under someone else's control."
She must have known Alex pretty well.
"""Where your treasure is, there also will be your heart,"" the alchemist had told him."
The fire burned the fox.
Epilepsy is a condition which sends the sufferer into uncontrollable convulsions.
"This jelly doesn't taste of limes."
"There wasn't much impetus to finish our chores."
What about Higgins against Becca?
But we could sell tea in crystal glasses.
I got it back.
Love is the force that transforms and improves the Soul of the World.
He decided to stay right there and await his return.
And also because I know about the Soul of the World, he thought to himself.
"""That's the principle that governs all things,"" he said."
"Don't tell me what to do!"
Did you actually give Tamara that gun?
"Give me the District Attorney's office."
Judge Debra sent me.
He was learning a lot of new things.
"I'm through listening to you!"
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
Is this the place?
Do you know him?
Compiling the Linux kernel can be time consuming.
He wants me to write down only things that I think about, but not things I plan to do.
The boy took out Urim and Thummim from his bag.
Then she filled her vessel with water and left.
Her market website was the closest to being finished.
Do I look as funny as you do?
How much money do you get?
You got your sea legs yet?
It’s Saturday, it’s hot and I really want to try the dry ramen.
The war continued, and at times the wind carried the sweet, sickly smell of blood.
Local solutions should be preferred to cloud solutions in many cases.
"Dennis couldn't approach the monolith."
Can you imagine that?
"She's going to lose her mind when she finds out."
Does this belong to you?
"Why don't you want me to see him?"
The fluid sprayed across the foyer.
"That's true, the boy thought."
Give them a little third degree.
I know one way you can do it.
"Somebody's driving this cab."
"""What is an alchemist?"" he asked, finally."
So, we, their hearts, speak more and more softly.
Boys and girls and music.
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon.
A ghostly figure appeared.
"I don't know what she's talking about."
One million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
She gave me back the charger.
What he said reminded the boy of the old king.
The handle snagged my coat.
The top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
"""You must not let up, even after having come so far,"" he continued."
There was very little talking.
The boy trusted his new friend.
"I've already had that experience with my sheep, and now it's happening with people."
The boy remembered an old proverb from his country.
The computer artist waited for the latest image to render.
Can I get a woot woot!?
"So, he asked if the old man's blessing was still with him."
Wear the blue one.
But you were a little girl.
"It seemed as if what the old king had called ""beginner's luck"" were no longer functioning."
I do want that platinum ring!
No one seemed to have thought about it that night.
A touch of colic.
In order to find the treasure, you will have to follow the omens.
"But you can't do that!"
where the sand was more substantial.
The people will enjoy the tea and want to buy the glasses.
They continued across the desert.
But children always seem to be able to play with them without frightening them.
They could barely see the boy.
She used her microscope to inspect it.
Whenever he saw the sea, or a fire, he fell silent, impressed by their elemental force.
There was a rough patch of skin.
It is rare that I get to sit down and write during the day.
I am in a good mood right now.
Dusk was falling as the boy arrived with his herd at an abandoned church.
"Now how'd you know that?"
"I'll be right there."
He was excited, and at the same time uneasy: maybe the girl had already forgotten him.
"""Well, I'd like to see their land, and see how they live,"" said his son."
That he had attended a seminary until he was sixteen.
Rarely have I seen such a collection of poorly motivated simple methods.
is it cold in Vigus Tennessee
We migrated our stuff from Mac OS to Linux.
Please help me find the Selections from the Arista Years video game.
Please look up the show Statue of James Outram.
"You'll take fifty and like it!"
How can you tell?
How do you mean?
Nobody knows how much ammunition the military has in its checkpoints.
I am planning to renovate my home.
She likes you.
Have you ever been to Singapore?
Don‘t fight fire with fire, it would not help.
The conundrum that foiled so many was all but a simple exercise for Dr. Masterson.
Can you find me the trailer of the Hippocratic Oath?
Wish to read the novel called The Wizard of Stone Mountain
What did he ever do for his country?
I want my wife.
is the weather going to be hotter in Rhode Island in one year
Book me a reservation for a party of three next year
"You're supposed to be a smart guy!"
The giraffe had become fearful.
"I didn't want the publicity."
There is a counter on the top left of the web page.
"I'm not afraid of any newspapers."
What do you think, do they prefer it cold or hot?
Bullying is still a problem in our society.
"If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on."
Let him have everything he wants.
I had a memo from Art today.
"Why didn't I call you back?"
"I'll make such a mess of things without you."
add bang a drum to my cleaning playlist
The internet is built upon many protocols which compliment each other perfectly.
Find the album titled Spasmolytic
"You're faltering."
I need a break.
Arnold presented a chart showing how many storks he had counted in the past ten years.
The shirt off my back.
Why does a plant turn towards the sun?
The car however was not damaged.
One bridge was only to be used by citizens.
"I'm supposed to know my way around."
Add the track to the Metal Talks Metallica playlist.
Technically, breaking a mirror is not five years, but seven years of bad luck.
Give White House Diary two points
Add Metal Overload to my playlist Mihalis Hatzigiannis
She learned how to play the piano in a music school.
You have missed more than two decades of rapid progress in image processing.
"They say at Patti's house he left two hours ago."
"Can't you see what it means to my family?"
Book a spot for me and kathrine at Smithville
"I don't want any plastics."
"Still can't contact Conway."
They all gathered in Manchester.
"And I think it's terrific!"
The whole region was affected by the flood calamity.
Find me the show with the name of For Hope
Water boarding is a terrible form of torture.
"My watch wouldn't work without a quartz resonator."
I really hope I can earn a badge for finishing the class.
I am not keen on meeting with that group of people again.
"It didn't change anything."
I feel grateful for the time that we have spend together.
"What's that got to do with it?"
Just like an organ.
"According to the predominant notion in the Vatican, condoms shouldn't be used in spite of HIV."
Book a reservation for me and cassie in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
"What do you think you're doing holding up traffic?"
I wish you every possible happiness and joy.
Sure, see you there!
"Why can't I skip this damn intro?"
So many people on the subway are wearing black workout clothes.
Sure I know where she lives.
"Her father's awful worried about her."
"There isn't even a single reason for me to go to the lake today."
She went to the pharmacy to get her pills.
She went looking for you with Uncle Greg.
Where does she get that stuff?
Smoking cigarettes during pregnancy increases the risk of the baby also becoming addicted one day.
Tell me when it will blizzard in Estes Park, Utah
"I don't even know who I'm talking to any more."
"The failed acquisition has sparkled doubts on whether the company's leadership is competent."
I had a really good time at his party.
Our influence on their monopoly is tiny.
Play a Nóta song
This sentence was specifically made for you.
"But they've got nothing to do with this case."
The president heroically fought against such savagery.
I have a pet spider.
Use the export command to set environment variables.
add new metal tracks in my tune
Get me my check book.
Mrs. Ruth Victor wants to see you.
The sticker was peeling from the item.
What did your family have to say about it?
What is my function?
Pierre decided to research gay culture.
Please fine me Worms Clan Wars.
The boy was cuddling with his fluffy teddy bear.
"I'm gonna get my arm fixed out of this."
Can I see the movie times for the Great Escape Theatres
Athens is the capital of Greece.
She crossed the finish line just in time.
"Sidelights on Sheriff Hartman's manhunt."
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
A crowd of people stood around the fountain.
"That's why all children should be nice."
This beer has been brewed in Germany, more specifically in Bavaria.
"Because they're still here."
I need to add an artist to one of my playlists, Classical New Releases Spotify Picks.
If you want to contradict what I just said, you will have to provide footnotes.
Please look up the painting Beyond Iconic: Photographer Dennis Stock.
"They won't let me go!"
You and I were the only ones that kept our heads.
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
An LED was indicating the proximity detector was working properly.
For occupying the wrong parking lot he had to pay a fine.
Might just as well be.
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
"This jelly doesn't taste of limes."
"The money's not here."
Bert the cop was wounded in North Africa.
Historic mills were usually powered by water, wind or horse power.
You told me that.
"What's the idea of locking this?"
Think about that.
Yorkshire is my county.
I want to hear the last album from Carsten Bohn
Add the Beatles tune Yesterday to my playlist, The Southern Highway Chronicles
I gotta figure some way out of this thing!
This is going to sound like a digression, but bear with me.
Can you play nineties music from Paul Kelly?
You may not have a great deal of time.
Why does Melissandre look like she wants to consume Jon Snow on the ride up the wall?
Have a good time.
"I'm working across on a cattle boat."
"Sometimes in life you need to cut people out of your life even if you know you'll miss them."
Play some concerto from T. S. Monk.
Can you help me locate the game, Coast?
Take that fire extinguisher and put out the fire!
How much do you make a week?
It was a suicidal stunt.
"He's hardly my Mr. Doyle."
How would the method behave with kernels of different size?
Find me the soundtrack called Enter the Chicken
I suppose I proposed to you.
Any dope yet on how he got out?
"We'll take the ferry boat in half an hour."
Help me find them.
She tried to stop the bleeding of her thighs with a tissue.
Add Bronislau Kaper to the drive playlist.
I want to see Wenn Lucy springt now at a movie theatre.
I could see something in their faces.
The hormone oxytocin is released when a mother breastfeeds her baby.
Which view would you like?
In the simulation game, I think I will hijack this fancy Lamborghini.
So there was no pressure to demolish old buildings to put new ones at their place.
Many people are traumatized after this sailing accident and need intensive care.
"I'm looking for a movement by Asim Brkan that's on Netflix best channel"
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
I want to talk to both of you.
I can see what happens backstage through this aperture!
Wish to find the work The Immortals that is a show
Stall it along until the extra comes out.
I lost my wallet.
A whiskey is the perfect end to my day.
When she entered the dance floor, everyone in the nightclub was looking at her.
Those people are kick-ass samba dancers!
"I'll get it for you."
Boys and girls and music.
Linus is known for his clear and explicit language.
Is this the right one to choose?
"It's the only answer."
"What's that book you've got there?"
I use fans all the time during the summer
He was not able to find words for his feelings.
Lemons and thyme should go well.
Christmas Eve at midnight?
"I didn't find the blow-dryer, so I just used the vacuum-cleaner."
What was the weather last February in William A. Switzer Provincial Park?
Please play Short And Sweet by Teyana Taylor from my itunes.
Can you find me the SchoolTool picture?
Egypt is a country that is often mentioned in the Bible.
Find movie schedules nearby.
They were playing ping-pong to the rhythm of punk rock.
Your website domain is now a public resource.
Unbelievable how many piercings this centerfold girl has.
Teaching kids English with Common Voice is a win-win situation.
Book me a restaurant reservation for one in GU
Tell me if it is cold in Federated States Of Micronesia
He really wants us to be friends, but we hardly have anything in common!
She looked across the engine room and screamed.
What else are you?
"I'm not supposed to tell."
He only lost three buttons off his vest.
Is Winged Victory showing anywhere in one minute?
There was a rough patch of skin.
"What's the weather in Ransom Canyon?"
The basic idea behind eye tracker interaction is that you look somewhere on the screen.
So what does he do?
It’s time to save the internet — again
"What's she saying now?"
The scalpel incision was clean and straight.
Find the creative work Brilliant! Tragic!
"It's even higher than this."
"That's the kind of stuff they want."
"I've watched you grow up from a little boy."
This wimble is hardened with vanadium.
"You're through deciding anything!"
"I'm going home and see my wife and family."
"I'm interested only in the present."
Don’t share your opinions so readily because you never know who is listening.
From atop its walls, one can catch a glimpse of Africa.
The boy became fearful; the omens told him that something was wrong.
"This time I'm sure of it!"
She knows it too!
"It's easy, and yet I've never done it before, he thought."
I couldn’t stop staring at it.
At the same time, people were passing my shop all the time, heading for Mecca.
This picture is pure art.
Fast-food is convenient but often unhealthy.
We are obliged, at least once in our lives, to visit the holy city of Mecca.
From then on, the boy understood his heart.
"""Don't give in to your fears,"" said the alchemist, in a strangely gentle voice."
"Haven't you got any feeling?"
"""I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist,"" the wind said."
"But the boy couldn't even speak."
what is the sunny condition outlook for Dundas Valley Conservation Area
Mecca is a lot farther away than the Pyramids.
Now it will be with hope.
I never stole a watch in my life.
"I told you I can't use your column any more."
She walked across the street wearing stereo headphones and staring at her smartphone.
"And I'll sign a paper."
Luckily there was a zebra crossing.
After all, who doesn’t want to overcome new challenges and achieve great heights?
"""They're not worth much,"" the Englishman answered."
But they were not there.
"""So what should I do now?"" the boy asked."
It sounded like a Gypsy prayer.
Who is responsible for these parrots?
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
By the light of their own destruction, I saw them staggering and falling, and their supporters turning to run.
Just get me home.
"I learned the alchemist's secrets in my travels."
Goats always have a better view.
"""My name is Melchizedek,"" said the old man."
My dog gave her life to save my child.
"Maybe they're like me."
"Another, who was searching the boy's bags, found the piece of gold."
"I'm sure she'll be all right."
The money is unimportant.
"""Men dream more about coming home than about leaving,"" the boy said."
"""It helped me to trust in people,"" the Englishman answered."
Coming home, a party of tourists passed us, singing and playing music.
Sure I know where she lives.
"It's done in America all the time."
"I'll kill both of them!"
Your son went to serve at a distant place, and became a centurion.
They looked for the fallen mass, but found nothing.
"He's doing it because it's what he wants to do."
You keep out of this.
Servants came and went with silver trays laden with spices and tea.
"But they really don't know what they're saying."
The boy thought of Fatima.
I was disappointed at this inanimate bulk.
My father offered her a job.
Then he took from his knapsack a bottle of wine, and drank some.
"What's the matter with him."
They dismounted, and the alchemist said nothing.
but nowhere could he find his new companion.
One night, the father had a dream.
"you're playing with dynamite!"
"Opposing counsel wouldn't consent."
He was sure the girl would never understand.
You go on and practice.
Eric took his vitamins and continued his exercise regime.
"We can't leave Greg here."
Are you going to believe every lie he tells you?
"You haven't told me."
Book reservation in Gasconade at the best restaurant in District Of Columbia
"""He needs three days,"" answered the alchemist."
The heat lasted until nightfall, and all that time he had to carry his jacket.
Trying to improve the world by jumping up and down.
"I'm trying to think of something before those reporters get back."
He was proud of himself.
No mercy for cop killers!
The merchant was silent for a few moments.
"We're having hamburgers."
Tell Nathan to get on the extension.
"I don't care what happens to me."
"Don't try to enter into the life of the oasis."
Suddenly the monster disappeared.
"I'm not interested in your book."
"""You can't go any farther,"" one of them said."
"I can't deal with this any more!"
Can you lend me your bycicle for a while.
She desperately wolfed her food down.
Mostly just the hearts of those who are trying to realize their destinies.
Life is complicated.
Why does the cat always rub against your leg right after you get out of the shower?
"""Somewhere you are holding the person I love,"" the boy said."
He said he had never seen any like them.
"We'll be down with the bags in a minute."
"""You have a mania for simplifying everything,"" answered the Englishman, irritated."
He wanted to tell him about Fatima.
Will there be a blizzard in Guadeloupe?
In colloquial language the term Yankee is used for U.S. citizens.
He was so ashamed that he wanted to cry.
That song reminds me of my childhood.
People talk a lot about omens, thought the shepherd.
Meanwhile, the old man persisted in his attempt to strike up a conversation.
This can arouse national interest!
"The boy noticed that the man's clothing was strange."
The boy waited, and then interrupted the old man just as he himself had been interrupted.
Wait a minute here.
"""Speak to the hand that wrote all,"" said the sun."
"The tribal chieftains will see that, and you'll be dismissed from your position as counselor."
"Give me the District Attorney's office."
"They're only made of rock crystal, and there are millions of rock crystals in the earth."
"Nothing's going to happen."
This convention is a natural.
The first baseman dropped the ball.
"""Always heed the omens,"" the old king had said."
"I don't want anything for myself."
These figures of wax look creepy.
He could sell the stones and buy a return ticket.
"""Am I going to find my treasure?"" he asked."
But he kept quiet, because he had heard what the alchemist said to the monk.
The turf and gravel around it seemed charred as if by a sudden explosion.
That Tina thought it was funny!
"Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive."
And he knew that Egypt was in Africa.
There was no respite to be had.
"""But this payment goes well beyond my generosity,"" the monk responded."
And you know it.
The chilli sauce provided spiciness.
"The problem is that they don't even realize that they're walking a new road every day."
You bet I will!
The microphone put out a muffled signal.
"Peter's boyfriend just got a new job."
"Because you'll know its dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them."
Some tin and a soldering iron are laying on the workbench.
"""I'm going with you,"" the boy said."
"I'm getting them for twelve dollars a night."
Maybe the alchemist has never been in love, the boy thought.
The monk laughed when he saw me come back in tatters.
"Navigating to Google isn't terribly exciting, so let's add something more useful."
"Sometimes, there's just no way to hold back the river."
"""That's not true,"" the boy said."
"And the solid part was called the Philosopher's Stone."
They become a part of everything...
"""We'll leave tomorrow before sunrise,"" was the alchemist's only response."
Why did we have to have all these kids?
He approached the mass and was surprised at the size and the shape.
Stall it along until the extra comes out.
"I don't know why I came here in the first place!"
The experience in the coffin was literally immersive.
Where are we going to put him?
The boy said nothing.
"""They're not for sale,"" he said."
They were in an immense setting, surrounded by thousands of people speaking a strange language.
I told him we could teach her to ignore people who waste her time.
"The stranger withdrew the sword from the boy's forehead, and the boy felt immensely relieved."
Many people are not able to use their first language correctly.
"They'll believe him."
But the boy knew that he was referring to Fatima.
What he said reminded the boy of the old king.
book a table for lillian and edna at The Berghoff
"With the wars between the tribes, it's impossible to cross the desert."
I want to see the chieftains.
There is not even the possibility of doing that.
I know that girl!
Please look up the Beauty on the Fire show.
When will So Happy Together begin playing?
"""Who are you?"" he heard a voice ask him in Spanish."
"He's out duckshooting now."
This must obviously be a challenge for her.
Stepping out of a car that has been hit by lighting is life threatening.
"He didn't need to demonstrate his science and art to anyone."
"""There's a caravan leaving today for Al-Fayoum."""
My girlfriend slept under a tree this morning.
We took all the chances.
"I'll keep you in mind."
The boy awoke as the sun rose.
"""I've been looking for you all morning,"" he said, as he led the boy outside."
Add the track to the Best Metal of the New Millennium playlist.
Are you sure they are not all there?
"But he knew that Salem wasn't in Andalusia."
Can you help me find Preaching to the Perverted?
"Did you write it or didn't you?"
Listen to the solo of the e-guitar!
"I've got nobody else to leave it to."
The experiments are unconvincing.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
A group of three notes of equal length.
A cruise in warm waters in a sleek yacht is fun.
The recipe requires three-quarters of a cups of sugar.
He who hesitates is lost.
The hormone oxytocin is released when a mother breastfeeds her baby.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
"""Don't know,"" was the reply."
What do you associate with Iceland?
Reality was permanently scarred from those force field experiments.
"There's no use in flogging a dead horse."
Ron was late to the meeting.
You know what I mean.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
Every purchase is a vote.
Cap the jar with a tight brass cover.
I found five things that you described.
Jeez, you look stoned!
Write a fond note to the friend you cherish.
God bless my soul!
I do not make the rules unfortunately.
They all gathered in Manchester.
Gary pulled another coin from his pouch.
Do you think so?
The worst wheel always creaks most.
Mow the lawn.
Carbon monoxide is a very dangerous gas.
"When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down."
It was nice talking with you.
Listen to the pot calling the kettle black.
Very well, she said.
Please send log information using the standard system module.
Great braggers, little doers.
Work as if everything depends on me, but pray as if everything depends on God.
The large house had hot water taps.
Leave tomorrow till tomorrow.
I need a pacifier for my baby.
The brake pedal was vibrating as the anti-skid system intervened.
Every location onscreen is at a particular line and column.
How can you tell?
"You want a drink or don't you?"
At first I was very slow.
I been here for hours.
"What's the matter with you two?"
We have also started contemplating the possibility of moving back to Colorado.
They heard the people walking on the street.
We are big fans of our football club.
You bet your bottom dollar we would!
"Since you'll be using these a lot, make them as terse as possible."
The conundrum that foiled so many was all but a simple exercise for Dr. Masterson.
We were sitting in the VIP lounge of the theater, when the drama reached its climax.
"I've got a desk I want moved."
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
"I've been lonely and hungry for something practically all my life."
Watching the parody was great entertainment.
"You're supposed to be a smart guy!"
There has been a robbery at the burger shop in downtown.
"I didn't want the publicity."
"Lucy's a newspaper woman."
The plumber tightened the leaking valve.
It’s just a few blocks to the North.
Pull the hook to toggle the jukebox.
Whom would I see regarding the return of stolen Government money?
We must evacuate the courtyard.
"And now I don't know where my father is."
"He's trying to trick you again."
This was good timing, because my RSI was only getting worse.
"They'll be here any minute!"
How do you do?
"If everything works, you'll see a window pop up after starting."
Without a single quiver.
"I've got a good lawyer."
I have a bad feeling about this!
"I'm going to take over a lot of plates and things."
How much is your equity in it?
Remember, remember, the fifth of November!
Do you know what I mean?
Who do you want?
If I told you it might not come true.
Yeah, better if people are already familiar with one and are thinking of switching to the other.
Considering the growth of human population, insects might be the food of the future.
"Something happens here you'll have to remember later on."
I gave you fifty just the other day.
She was reminded of her mistakes.
Although you might try measuring the latency and adjusting for it.
Have you seen him?
"He's talking like a child."
In his youth my dad was a hooligan.
That woman stole my purse!
What is the benefit of the method in terms of identification accuracy?
The Internet should put the power in the hands of the many
I forgot you were here.
A woman ought to be prepared for any emergency.
The newspapers demanded democracy.
Just get me home.
Nobody ever changes around here.
"Where's your coat and hat?"
The flock of flamingos landed gracefully on their awkward looking legs.
ANN is very much interested.
They exploited their guests.
"That's what makes it romantic."
"Maybe they're like me."
She probably worked it out in advance.
I hope he grows up to look like you.
Let them take me.
This post will teach you how to get started.
But you want to know something?
Every evening, the dogs in our neighbourhood are howling.
"What do you think you're doing holding up traffic?"
Anything I can do back here?
Who you holding out on?
To save fuel, the Ariane rocket has been launched not far from the equator.
"You can't kid me!"
We need to solve this problem fast.
Got to be a sergeant.
Between roast beef and potatoes how can we lose?
Never ever have a boxing match with Ali!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What were you going to write about Hillary?
And who accused him?
"What's the matter with you boys?"
The Chinese built a monorail train that floats on a magnetic field.
Diabetics should always keep a syringe of insulin handy.
"Finally I didn't have to feel guilty for using my computer on weekends."
My foot must have slipped.
You mean spies and things like that?
A hands-free coding environment has a lot of moving parts, which can be overwhelming at first.
"Here's a joke I like."
The Criminal Courts Building.
You can check out the original repository of examples or modules mentioned in the docs.
You know you did.
That covers the basics.
Try to fix that fissure with glue.
We run smack into a police patrol.
The clock of the town center took damage from a lightening strike.
He used to lift kettlebells now he breathes fire.
So you can kill me too?
"If it's not working, check the messages window to see if there are any error messages."
In Emacs, familiarize yourself with subword mode.
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
Shall I pray for him?
What more do you want?
"It's not cheap, but it matters a lot."
The basic idea is that we will call into their C API from Python.
Remember the night we broke the windows in this old house?
Our clothes are dry.
"You're demanding your rights."
"Don't you know that girl's very sick?"
"I didn't want to marry anybody else in town."
You put something wrong in those capsules.
"I'm talking about the Building and Loan."
She was jealous of the girl with polish on her nails and a handsome guy at her side.
The girls are going to the movie theater.
Edinburgh is a dream-like place to visit.
One of these days is tomorrow.
"It's a good face."
It sure looks good from here.
You guys wanna play some more poker?
"Some sites have keyboard shortcuts you can bind easily, but others don't."
Bill decided that management should know about this incident.
Education is very important.
Apple pie is an iconic dish.
This is a bit trickier because it is awkward to number every column in an editor.
This beer has been brewed in Germany, more specifically in Bavaria.
A directed graph consists of nodes and edges.
My dog barks when strangers arrive.
"We know what you're up to."
We went rafting in Switzerland and alpine skiing in Austria this spring.
The Hull of the ship collapsed.
"You mustn't let what she said bother you."
Has he been here?
Can I help you pack?
But you could bring them in here!
We should segregate the participants by age.
This would work better if there were an Emacs extension that numbered incremental search results.
"Well—I don't quite know what to say."
"I'm a sucker for it."
Did she ever go exploring?
"There wasn't much impetus to finish our chores."
This can arouse national interest!
Do you know that I threw it away?
Four hundred and fifty dollars.
She never told her that.
This Samantha Tommy movement costs you a fortune.
"She's the one everybody sells things to."
Did you actually give Tamara that gun?
This is Jon Davis.
"A man doesn't get in a situation like this every day."
"Why can't you be serious?"
"They're closing in on you!"
Not only did he manage to do it, he did it professionally!
This convention is a natural.
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
You may not have a great deal of time.
Grandpa is always so calm and collected.
"The whole town's gone crazy."
"Beginner's note: to get started, check out the multiedit grammar for dragonfly."
Save that for the Tribune.
Why does Melissandre look like she wants to consume Jon Snow on the ride up the wall?
"I don't know anything."
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
She ate an old pear and started suffocating.
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
Why not right here?
These figures of wax look creepy.
Monsters have enjoyed cookies for generations.
Are children more creative than adults?
The trouble is that this grammar allows raw dictation to be mixed with any other commands.
"We'll just start by impounding the Post property."
It was papa that sends you flowers every day.
There was no respite to be had.
Where are we going?
Her market website was the closest to being finished.
The chilli sauce provided spiciness.
"But it's much harder when working with someone else's code or library."
"We don't use money in heaven."
Another hour to write it.
Could you provide an example of a realistic scenario?
It all happened rather suddenly.
To cut to the chase, the harvest was really bad.
Is much less sensitive to spurious awakenings than the sleep mode.
How much money do you get?
And they found the watch on him.
"I'll do anything you say."
I wish they were rabbits.
"I use ""links"" for the former and I simply speak the number for the latter."
The owner of the dwelling was not amused.
"It's usually customary to bring the money with you."
Thanks for dropping around.
"Where's the old goat?"
Better bring me a glass of milk.
Witnesses report two armed suspects and four hostages.
I just got rid of one crowd.
Our best bet is that this animal is only active at night.
First you got to sign a receipt.
Many of whom are homeless and hungry.
And you can meet us at the station.
"You can't do that!"
Who is your favourite author?
Many people are traumatized after this sailing accident and need intensive care.
Been seeing me in your dreams?
"You can't do that to me!"
"While you're still champion!"
You are the best.
"The whole town's in an uproar."
I want to talk to both of you.
Your wife was wanted by the University of Florida.
"Where do you think you're going?"
"I avoid this entirely, but I don't force the commands to be in a separate utterance."
Only us explorers can get it.
"I'm playing for keeps."
She has to do something about it.
"I'm also hoping to hear from others, so please post your own ideas in the comments and tell me what I could do better!"
"In that case I'll ask the two executive officers to withdraw."
Just look and see what you did.
"And you won't know how I actually use all the commands in combination."
Go down to the office and arrange for some radio time.
For some reason I just love bees.
Do you mind if I wait out here?
Carbon dioxide is causing global warming.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
"It's the only answer."
I want to see that map covered before we get through!
"You know I'd tell you if I had it."
A ghostly figure appeared.
They inspected the menu at the restaurant.
My puberty was probably taxing for mommy and daddy.
There was no way to measure anything of that length.
"I haven't any watch."
Folk is not my favorite music genre.
"We're going to take her over to my private office."
You guys better quit politics and take in washing.
In retrospect, everything was already decided when we heard the siren.
This building has an elevator which is necessary for wheelchairs.
The dictator was radical in his ideology.
"I'll bring the kids in the car."
Well then stand up.
Do you know what an engagement ring is?
Pedestrians were standing on a sidewalk paved with cobblestone.
When the line is long, I use a different strategy where I name the character at the beginning or end.
But you were a little girl.
It made a clicking sound when the officer tightened the handcuffs.
What was spoken was totally disregarded.
Every image processing software contains automatic contrast and color enhancement.
Keep your shirt on.
"The telephone didn't work without electricity."
"I'm not talking about his grandfather's pet poodle."
"But you can't do that!"
He tried with all his strength to wrench open the door in a panic.
Japanese culture is incredibly addictive, their buildings look amazing.
Maybe tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
Below is a letter which reached my desk this morning.
These cookies are delicious!
You know where I live.
She and the judge are like corned beef and cabbage.
Aunt Tiffany and bank teller at the window.
Stay tuned.
"You can't go in there until you put this on."
"Don't be more catholic than the pope."
"Give me that call on Patrick's wire!"
Do I knock or something?
Improving the public transport system would help avoid traffic jams.
I felt a chill down my spine.
"I thought I'd give the kids a treat."
Formatting of tables should be improved.
The orange fruit is not yet ripened.
"You're through deciding anything!"
Onion routing is a technique of using cascades of proxies for the purpose of anonymisation.
"We certainly didn't give that man much of a chance."
"Nostalgia isn't what it used to be."
Agriculture was a very important achievement in human history.
Why not write a petition to the government?
"I'm heading down to the sushi place, you wanna get anything?"
When Alvin was a little boy, he loved to watch Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
A tongue of honey, a heart of gall.
"""That circus acrobat must have a well-trained vestibular system"", the spectator thought."
What is the weather in Brazil during the summer?
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
You going down the pub tonight, love?
How can that be?
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Are children more creative than adults?
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
Oh, I used to play tennis when I was younger.
When did you see him last?
How did you know?
How long will you be away?
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
"James Watt didn't invent the steam engine, but he improved it significantly."
"She's sitting there on a pillow, wearing only pants and bra."
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
Did you rewind the cassette?
They stumbled and fell, and the solitary horn-honker was left standing silently.
There was nothing behind him except for his bookcase which seemed to be missing a single, important book.
As Jennifer walked down the aisle, she wondered if she had made a mistake.
What was your favorite thing to see in your travels?
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
"Hey, don't go there!"
Did you know that Nikola was going to join us?
The waitress was carrying an impressive amount of dinnerware, but then an earthquake occurred and she dropped it all.
"When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down."
"Two caribous in a queue, they didn't have a clue, that I was using their flue, to write a poem for you."
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
"Why don't you speak?"
Darling, I have a gift for you.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
What is it like?
Pencils down, time is over.
Oh, look, they opened a Sushi bar around the corner!
As they stood on the escalator, they wondered how high they were.
That is what I thought as well, but it might not be true.
The pin number is three, seven, two, six.
What is his name?
"Don't you know it?"
Now, imagine a guy walking through that door and starting to give orders with a heavy accent.
Where are the keys?
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
"""Surrender is not an option"", the mercenary asserted."
Can we please leave now?
The biggest bedroom had a small, ornate fireplace on one wall which had seen recent use judging by the ashes crumbling in the grate.
"There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip."
What does it mean?
Where observation is concerned, chance favours only the prepared mind.
Why should you not?
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
What were we to do?
Would you like a cappuccino?
"It's no use closing the stable door, after the horse has bolted."
Look, fireflies!
"""I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior"", the psychologist said in a professional tone."
How did it happen?
"What's the good of home, if you are never in it?"
"Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled."
His dessert smelled musty, not sweet.
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
"As students, they founded an a capella group and now they're commercially successful."
Why do you say that?
In general, people have difficulties estimating risks correctly.
And how did you get out?
"Have you prepared for tomorrow's Geography quiz?"
How did you get here?
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
Oh, what are you going to when he arrives?
How are you getting on?
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
Something deep beneath the earth shifted, sending vibrations strong enough to register on earthquake detection mechanisms hundreds of miles away.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Suddenly, Kimberly had an idea.
Where did it come from then?
Spain is producing lots of lettuce, paprika and tomatoes.
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
Do you like contemporary paintings?
Oh no, my bunny broke out of its cage!
"To check one To pull the fell hide, skin over one's ears."
What is it, then?
Very well, very well.
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
Where is my shoe?
He turned from the door and walked slowly toward the gate, still holding the keys in his hand.
Are you still using your computer for the research?
How many slices would you like Santiago?
What is it, boss?
Will it rain tomorrow?
"One man's loss, is another man's gain."
Forget it, there is no such thing.
"What's it all about?"
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed at this part of the beach.
What had happened to them?
Speak clearly, if you speak at all.
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
Where do you want to go?
At the hospital, I met a very nice nurse.
If you see something you like, take it and make it better.
Why do you think awkward silences make us so uncomfortable?
What is it all about?
"""Cheers mate,"" he said to the driver as he left the taxi."
Who would have thought that?
Where are the others?
Okay, I will not be concerned.
A song, a Girl, a maid.
Curiosity killed the cat; Satisfaction brought it back.
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
But what are we to do?
View the reviews, comments and ratings on the website.
Lit. all hail, fresh, pious, joyous, free.
When he was in hospital, the nurse took an x-ray photograph of his arm.
We have already met, but it would be nice to see him again.
Did the president just lie again?
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
Yesterday he felt invincible, now he has a hangover.
Thin rolls of paste prepared of flour, cheese, yolks of eggs, sugar, and saffron.
"What's the matter with me?"
Is he a drunkard or what?
Where are you from?
Do you mean it?
What should he do?
How did it end?
What must I do?
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
As a winner, Carlos give his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
Have you ever tried donating to a non-profit movement?
Sometimes, I experience so much pain that I cannot sleep at night.
What does he look like?
Without haste, yet without rest unhasting, yet unresting.
If you are well off, remain so.
Lions hunt their prey with sprints, whereas wolves take advantage of their stamina.
What are the facts?
"Don't overthink, just do it."
Whose men are you?
Where are they now?
There is no universal definition of intelligence, but everyone agrees that the ability of learning belongs to it.
What does that mean?
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
I like apples, pears, and pomegranate, but I do like strawberries or grapes.
The TNT blows up the granite, forming a tunnel to the coal and iron ore.
I had to teach my nephew the facts of life, because his parents are prudes.
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
What is she to do?
"Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons."
The cheese was delicious, especially when accompanied by the delicious, crusty bread.
"Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few."
Who is your father?
What was she to do?
Oh, my dear child!
"I guess, it's a never-ending story."
Come on, just stop thinking about it.
Have many acquaintances, but few friends.
"It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt."
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
In the morning, I will visit the dentist.
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
Did the dog sniff anyone out yet?
When it comes to the crunch, our company will become insolvent.
May I borrow your bolster?
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
How many layers of irony are you on?
A comet came within miles of the Earth, it almost obliterated the moon.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
In a cinematic rope-down maneuver, the special forces overwhelmed the criminals.
What do you want me to say?
Where did the clouds come from?
"He always stutters when he's nervous, that's why he delegated the speech."
No, have you checked on the counter?
"If you can't help, don't hinder."
Do you want me?
The Google search bar is for searching, not for typing URLs!
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink."
What have you got there?
What does he say?
You know, gifts are, by definition, free.
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
"If you don't know where you're going, then the journey is never ending."
Worryingly, the radio signal became weaker.
What are you thinking of?
When he kissed her cheek, she suddenly blushed, changing her color faster than a chameleon.
"Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day."
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
"Oops, I didn't want to barge in on you!"
What will they think?
Will you breakfast with me?
Well, what do you want?
I know, I know!
Waste not, want not.
What should I say?
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
How do you know that it is correct?
Anita passed out during gymnastics, she recovered quickly.
What is it, Tom?
Hey, stop staring at my decollete!
Good-day to you, sir.
Flick that switch for me, will you?
The man looked up from his book and, noticing nothing newsworthy, returned his gaze to the page and continued reading.
Is this a picture of a cat?
The little girl wanted to have a balloon, but was too shy to ask.
"He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick."
What do you think it was?
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
She read the book quickly, savouring the characters that came vividly to mind from the well-crafted prose.
"What's your status?"
"""Never to come on a green twig;"" not to get on in the world."
When will the train arrive this morning?
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.
Tomorrow morning, she will check into the hospital.
Who has already arrived?
When a fox hears a rabbit screaming it comes running, but not to help.
What else am I to do?
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
"Well, I don't know."
Is that how your niece began?
If anything can go wrong, it will.
Twenty five units, please.
If you have an issue in the workplace, you are encouraged to contact the HR department.
Check the copyright, trademark and patent information contained on the website.
In an undertone, or whisper.
To understand recursion, one must first learn about recursion.
This pepperoni tastes off, she said.
Using the debugger, he found out that there was a buffer overflow.
He grew strawberries, so you would not like it.
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
Paula decided to attend the Developer Conference next month.
What sort of man is he?
Strike while the iron is hot.
Matthew McConaughey is an American actor.
"Please don't feed the pigeons, or else they will haunt you forever!"
Turn over the leaf quickly.
A chain of mountains with jagged ridges like the teeth of a saw.
This is used for host-based authentication.
Where is your father?
Consider a tungsten light-bulb filament.
"Anna Austen asked about the acceptation of the word ""alliteration""."
No, I will tell her myself.
The CIA and MI-Six are secret spy agencies.
The foot of the owner is the best manure for his land.
Gina is a great chess player.
"I'm definitely out of practice actually writing stuff, too."
Vandalism could relay some funny messages, too!
What is there to be afraid of?
How can we obtain a priori knowledge for each individual?
"""Still a better love story than Twilight"", he commented on the porn movie."
It is evident enough that someone was trying to trespass my house.
Capital town.
Topsy-turvy Steamboat.
Silence is golden.
To be the cock in the basket to be cock of the company.
Look, fireflies!
Please send log information using the standard system module.
The item costs five Yen.
It causes most warning and diagnostic messages to be suppressed.
Your good health.
If you experience further problems, please let me know.
As sure as I am alive.
"If he had it on him then they'll have that, too."
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
Many hands help get the job done.
What makes you think that?
I want to go on.
"Not to know how to sign one's name."
Yesterday, he went to an STD clinic to test for herpes.
"In nineteen-sixty-nine the first man set his foot onto the moon's surface."
What was to be done?
Zoos franchises are a disgrace to the global animal rights movement.
What can I do for you?
The space was spartan, almost bare.
My wife had a baby last week.
Her blouse consists of ninety-five percent cotton and five percent polyester.
He consulted his watch.
"This is the point. There's the rub."
"If you want a sandwich, don't hesitate grabbing one."
Hey look, a flying pig!
Strike while the iron is hot Make hay while the sun shines.
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
A lathe cuts and trims any wood.
The president of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
It’s important that everyone, especially little guys, can participate in the future of the Internet.
Baked earth.
It shall be done!
What are you going to do with me?
This will never do.
Are you strong enough?
Operating on dynamic data sets is difficult.
I do not accept that diagnosis.
Take this pill twice daily, once in the morning and once at bedtime.
Let me introduce you to Benjamin.
Marta curry favored with her teacher to get better grades.
My niece sent me a nice photo of Moscow via email.
Have you seen her?
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
One swallow does not make a summer.
Well, this exactly happens in an old story from Norwegia.
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
Did you check your laser?
Roaming endlessly around the park, she wants to go home.
The flag is red, blue, and yellow.
What would you say is the difference between a language and a dialect?
It is a magical world filled with elves, dwarves, and dragons.
"Oxygen is important for us, but some bacteria don't need it at all."
Hey, looks like you made a new friend.
Can I get you a drink?
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
"""This is a common misconception"", Sheldon said."
No matter how much he offered, Scott would not accept the deal.
We should all go back to living in the trees, much simpler.
It was harassment, pure and simple.
Conversely, a wave whose phase drifts quickly will have a short coherence time.
Are children more creative than adults?
Without haste, yet without rest unhasting, yet unresting.
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
Have I offended you?
Very well, very well.
And who hired you for this?
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
Sorry for interrupting your lecture, Sir Edward.
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
Here, let me show you around.
"Don't advertise: Tell it to a gossip."
John looked out the window of the show-house, happy he had mortgage approval, but worried about the repayments.
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
Out of debt, out of danger.
"Tyler, Lucy, Michelle, we're going to space!"
What did he say?
What are you doing here?
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant that the sanctions will have an effect on the community.
When you find a bug in software, please report it.
"Don't overthink, just do it."
"Contrary to common belief, children won't gain computer literacy, if you just hand them tablet computers and smartphones."
Trust me, being alone with my thoughts was far more disturbing.
No, that is not a good solution.
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
Letting himself out of the house, he breathed a sigh of relief.
Love with life is heaven; and life unloving, hell.
May I sit down?
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
Trample the spark, else the flames will spread.
"Ninety five lines and no more, that's it."
What are the facts?
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
Curiosity killed the cat; Satisfaction brought it back.
Palm oil is cheap, but workers on illegal plantations get exploited and huge areas of jungle get destroyed for its production.
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
Where is my wife?
The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft.
Check the website for viruses, biases, and scams.
"What's in it for me?"
What shall we do?
Also, will numbers be written as digits or as words?
How do you do?
The wise man may change his opinion, but the fool , never.
What is she to do?
Quiet down, will you?
"""That homicide case is giving me headaches"", the police officer said."
It was sprayed in red, with yellow edges.
What did I tell you?
Why do you do it?
The race was finished in just thirty nine minutes, beating all expectations.
The music stopped then, catching the clowns mid-step.
Writing, the best memory.
What is it, then?
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
What else could it be?
"What's to be done?"
Man proposes, God disposes.
Thanks to the exhaust turbo charger, we could double the engine torque.
How often has the train been late?
Not specifically no, he only gave me the gist of his research the one time I spoke to him.
Will you marry me?
"Inside, you'll find photographs and a brief synopsis of the item's history."
What on earth do you mean?
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
Alice, who the fuck is Bob?
Why are you doing this?
What did he want?
What can have happened?
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
How was the food there?
Why not write a petition to the government?
"Last night my little sister crawled into my bed, after she'd had a nightmare."
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
Oh, I know it!
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
I like the light tent pictures, too.
"It's pretty straightforward, isn't it?"
"Why don't you speak?"
"I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't actually be meeting him?"
"Why didn't you object when you could?"
I understand, he said.
When doing reinforcement learning, we have to find a suitable trade-off between exploration and exploitation.
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
He that considers too much, will not bring anything to performance.
"He's an idol, but he's not a saint."
"Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive."
"You might hear ""font families"" more than ""typefaces"", even though they could mean the same thing."
First of all, I am introducing the facilitators of this science camp.
Do you like contemporary paintings?
Did you see him?
How does it feel?
Sooner or later Three brothers, three castles.
Did the president just lie again?
But where are you going?
What is the matter with you?
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
Okay, I will not be concerned.
The more you stir, the more it stinks.
Yes, it would be.
Please, be humble.
"Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled."
The cornices of the room were mostly intact, but showed signs of damage from damp.
She looked skeptical when leaning against the wall, observing the celebrities.
What must I do?
Aesthetically speaking, it was ugly.
Are you still using your computer for the research?
Ouch, that was uncalled for.
"""Memes are very hackneyed"", she wrote in her book."
Many languages are spoken in Tanzania, one of them is Zulu.
"Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons."
Salmon is one of the most popular fish and very delicious, though usually not sustainable.
"As he couldn't prove his innocence, he was brought to the detention zone, as if guilty."
"I'm not hungry, I'm starving."
Do I know it?
Oh, to be sure!
Waiter, King and emperor.
I like apples, pears, and pomegranate, but I do like strawberries or grapes.
"It's a long way to Tipperary, it's a long way to go!"
Lions hunt their prey with sprints, whereas wolves take advantage of their stamina.
"By all means, it's just down the hallway."
What did you think of that trip?
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
"Do you know what they're up to?"
After playing tennis in virtual reality, he felt dizzy.
"And you couldn't release him?"
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
What do you mean by saying such a thing?
No, but it is nice to meet you.
"What's all this about a necklace?"
"What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?"
"Well, the merry-go-round wasn't exactly spectacular."
Have you seen it?
"I've really started to appreciate Imperial measurements, you could say I'm a convert."
No, they were selected at random.
"The term ""just my two cents"" is about opinion, not about money."
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
Have you met Catherine?
So, where are we headed next?
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
That is one possibility, but we would both prefer it did not happen.
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
"You said it yourself, he doesn't trust easily."
"One man's loss, is another man's gain."
Sure, I will be right back.
"Hey, don't go there!"
Anita passed out during gymnastics, she recovered quickly.
Those egoistic businessmen always consider themselves important, just because they wear a cravat.
What is today?
Sometimes, I need to clear my browser cache to save more storage space.
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
Can we please leave now?
Yes, that is what I was thinking too.
Rich here, poor hereafter.
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
What became of him?
"""How many hens are there for one cock?"", I asked the farmer."
What can it mean?
The life of that bungee jumper dangles on a string, in the truest sense of the word.
With her index finger, the little girl pointed to her mum.
But what could he do?
The TNT blows up the granite, forming a tunnel to the coal and iron ore.
How could I help it?
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
How do you know it?
Oh dear, oh dear!
Oh Lord, give me patience – immediately!
The law makes who I am illegal, but I have done no harm to anyone.
Well, what of it?
"Why can't this researcher check your facts?"
"Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few."
To the world you may be one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
By increasing the salinity of the water, we alter its dew point.
After experiencing a mind-blowing sensual orgy, Mike was sure he had taken an overdose.
Cheap, tawdry bags are being sold everywhere in this market.
Affirmative, a breaching charge is available.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
Me too, so I try to get plenty wherever I go.
Is he not still in the area then?
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
Do you hear me?
"Do you ever doodle things on a piece of paper when you're bored?"
Did you really think it through?
What did you do it for?
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
I thought of buying the hat, but then saw that it cost eighty-four dollars.
"Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time."
In the discotheque, the DJ played progressive house music and trance.
And which family would that be?
The cheese was delicious, especially when accompanied by the delicious, crusty bread.
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
How bad can a boss be?
Be right there, boss!
This is the power box we always have problems with, if you could take a look.
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
"It's a nice walk though, with trees and a river and stuff."
"Read some books, won't you?"
After being sealed for more than eighty four years, the vault was finally opened in twenty-fourteen.
Men that are not included in the line, the reserve, Militia Never mind, Farewell.
"Sorry, we didn't even know you were here."
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
Oh no, my bunny broke out of its cage!
Does the new splinter cell game come with a multiplayer mode?
To increase his popularity in public-opinion polls, the politician started a campaign.
"It's late in the evening, a perfect time for coffee."
"Hooray, we're going to Alaska!"
How did you get in before?
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
How many times should I tell you, don’t play Space War during work!
See nothing, say nothing, know nothing.
"In other words, it's not an open platform."
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
In response to the controversy, they published an article.
What had happened to them?
"If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire."
"I was well, but I'm all the better for being here."
No compliments, pray Without ceremony, Without the organ, Without repetition.
What can we do?
What is it, Tom?
"It took me most of the day to track you down, it's not like you're listed in the phone book."
The theater is closed for renovations, but will reopen in twenty-nineteen.
So why would they want to drop the gold standard if not for the reasons they claim?
Is he a drunkard or what?
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
"Money isn't of interest to me, power is."
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
A group of people, one of them with a guitar, were sitting by the campfire and singing songs.
"She's still staying in the maternity ward, but she's feeling much better."
Do you want me to?
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
"Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day."
Ladies and gentlemen, this wagon is going to be detached.
Check whether the website is funded by ads, donations, or others.
Teresa, Mildrid, Ralph, and Vonda all arrived yesterday evening.
"Astronomy might be complicated, but it's not rocket science."
He was something of a sickly child by all accounts, never made it past his fourth birthday.
"Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know."
"I'm not so much into anatomy, where's the bladder again?"
"You're my daughter, and I love you."
Why do you ask?
"Tell me whom you keep company with, and I' will tell you what you do."
"Why can't I skip this damn intro?"
With skin and hair completely, thoroughly out and out.
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
The gallant noble, good man thinks of himself last.
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
How do you know that?
Who is your favorite artist?
"""I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior"", the psychologist said in a professional tone."
"In that case, I guess we'll just have to find a way to draw him out."
How do you make that out?
Oh, is that all?
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
What could it mean?
"He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick."
Why are we here?
What makes you think so?
This farm had cattle, chicken, sheep and many other animals.
Tyler, do you remember when I gave you that note?
No, nothing at all.
"Do you have Hugo's phone number?"
"""See,"" said Sarah, ""that is my brother."""
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
Will you hear it?
An automobile will arrive at the end of the alley in half an hour, you are to get inside.
"What's your status?"
How did you get it?
What are you thinking of?
"Didn't you know that?"
What good will that do?
On our way to San Francisco, we were listening to reggae music and smoking weed.
But what is the use of talking?
What shall I do?
What are we to do?
Gotcha, I was only joking!
Fine, well I need to make a call before we leave.
What is it, dear?
When will you send the report to me?
Check the copyright, trademark, and patent information contained on the website.
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
Now, attend to me.
How does slow cooling of the hot gaseous state result in pure crystals?
Where did he go?
"Why didn't you come to our launch party?"
Felix, please show me how to correctly throw a boomerang.
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
Charles looked on, angry that there was nothing he could do.
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
However did you manage that?
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
What good would that do?
What could he do?
Oh, you are, eh?
What has become of him?
As one door closes, another always opens.
"Grow angry slowly; there's plenty of time."
Thank you, just the same.
Did the president just lie again?
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
"Hooray, we're going to Alaska!"
Why do you think awkward silences make us so uncomfortable?
Apparently, most of the sentences have been written by nerds and scientists.
Deliberate slowly, execute promptly.
"I was well, but I'm all the better for being here."
"I'm not hungry, I'm starving."
With her index finger, the little girl pointed to her mum.
A group of people, one of them with a guitar, were sitting by the campfire and singing songs.
I like apples, pears, and pomegranate, but I do like strawberries or grapes.
Wow, look how deep this canyon is!
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
As Jennifer walked down the aisle, she wondered if she had made a mistake.
So, where are we headed next?
"Do you know what they're up to?"
"""I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior"", the psychologist said in a professional tone."
In my opinion, you went too far with your satire poem.
Thank you, just the same.
Are children more creative than adults?
Aesthetically speaking, it was ugly.
The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft.
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
What did you say your name was?
Thanks to the exhaust turbo charger, we could double the engine torque.
How do you know that it is correct?
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
Teresa, Mildrid, Ralph, and Vonda all arrived yesterday evening.
"What's up homies?"
"It took me most of the day to track you down, it's not like you're listed in the phone book."
Classification is, among other things, a discipline of machine learning.
Where is my wife?
Where did you find that apple?
How does slow cooling of the hot gaseous state result in pure crystals?
"In a weeks time, we're going to America."
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
What is his name?
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
What does she say?
Hey, stop staring at my decollete!
Oh dear, oh dear!
How was the food there?
"Don't worry, I took a cab to get home safely."
"He who won't be advised, can't be helped."
"Didn't you know that?"
"I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't actually be meeting him?"
Why are we here?
"""See,"" said Sarah, ""that is my brother."""
And what are you doing here?
How can I thank you?
Hm, that does seem difficult.
"What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?"
Also, will numbers be written as digits or as words?
And what did you do then?
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
"It's pretty straightforward, isn't it?"
Why not write a petition to the government?
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
What can we do?
Sooner or later Three brothers, three castles.
Four doors lead from the landing into two bedrooms, a closet, and a small, but functional bathroom.
When doing reinforcement learning, we have to find a suitable trade-off between exploration and exploitation.
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
That research group page looked good, by the way.
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
In response to the controversy, they published an article.
Come on, just stop thinking about it.
Did you check your laser?
After being sealed for more than eighty four years, the vault was finally opened in twenty-fourteen.
"Do you ever doodle things on a piece of paper when you're bored?"
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
Roaming endlessly around the park, she wants to go home.
"You might hear ""font families"" more than ""typefaces"", even though they could mean the same thing."
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
What is it you want to research?
"""Never to come on a green twig;"" not to get on in the world."
Have you seen it?
It would be very useful if my web browser could synchronize all of its preferences, not just some.
Hey, looks like you made a new friend.
Easy come, easy go.
"Tyler, Lucy, Michelle, we're going to space!"
Palm oil is cheap, but workers on illegal plantations get exploited and huge areas of jungle get destroyed for its production.
Not specifically no, he only gave me the gist of his research the one time I spoke to him.
Do you know those people?
Kelvin, Fahrenheit or Celsius – which one is the best unit of temperature?
"Sorry, but I need to inform Jason that I'll be late."
Living alone, she made solitude her best friend.
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
What else could it be?
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
The more you stir, the more it stinks.
Also, at many places it was hard to leave the water.
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
"Why can't this researcher check your facts?"
Salmon is one of the most popular fish and very delicious, though usually not sustainable.
You don’t like him?
When will you send the report to me?
What must I do?
What does she look like?
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
Men that are not included in the line, the reserve, Militia Never mind, Farewell.
"You said it yourself, he doesn't trust easily."
Did you know they are closed in January?
How can we reconcile this conflict?
What did he want?
I like the city, but in July it is too hot.
What good will that do?
I thought of buying the hat, but then saw that it cost eighty-four dollars.
A short, distinct, and pointed style the opposite of legato.
How long have you had this bruise?
What did he say?
It was too ridiculous, she told herself.
"Contrary to common belief, children won't gain computer literacy, if you just hand them tablet computers and smartphones."
Please, be humble.
The landing was dimly light by a single, bare, low-power light-bulb.
Sports, music, cooking and other topics are covered.
I am, but I do not see anything special.
What good would that do?
And what other associates did he have?
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
For dinner, they had Cesar salad.
Check whether the website is funded by ads, donations, or others.
If you see something you like, take it and make it better.
The music stopped then, catching the clowns mid-step.
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
This is the power box we always have problems with, if you could take a look.
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
Waiter, King and emperor.
"What's in it for me?"
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
What do you mean by saying such a thing?
Cheap, tawdry bags are being sold everywhere in this market.
"Tell me whom you keep company with, and I' will tell you what you do."
Gotcha, I was only joking!
I like the light tent pictures, too.
When Alvin was a little boy, he loved to watch Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
The voice, Chest voice the real voice, Head voice falsetto.
Because she is diabetic, a low-carbohydrate diet is recommended.
Ironically, you just gave me the perfect alibi.
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
No, that is not a good solution.
Is it possible, if you would be so kind, to lend me your brolly for today?
With skin and hair completely, thoroughly out and out.
Work as if everything depends on me, but pray as if everything depends on God.
"My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet."
"Might I enquire as to whom I'm addressing?"
The pavement collapsed earlier this morning, injuring an old lady heading for the market.
Love with life is heaven; and life unloving, hell.
"""Let's prepare for the picnic!"", said Abigail."
Perhaps, you should just grow sea monkeys.
After experiencing a mind-blowing sensual orgy, Mike was sure he had taken an overdose.
May I sit down?
What is the matter?
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
No, that was never his real plan.
"Although searching in binary search trees is efficient, you won't find any fruits in there."
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
"""This is a common misconception"", Sheldon said."
Do you see that?
LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
No, he had not.
How many times should I tell you, don’t play Space War during work!
Three weeks later, he was feeling a lot better.
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
"Astronomy might be complicated, but it's not rocket science."
The sandwich comes with ham, cheese, tomatoes, mayonnaise, pickles.
Is it raining right now?
Trust me, being alone with my thoughts was far more disturbing.
A trill, or shake A triplet.
What did he grow?
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
What is it, then?
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
What do you want of me?
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
"What's your status?"
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
"After the dictator's rule of forty three years was over, the country was devastated."
An automobile will arrive at the end of the alley in half an hour, you are to get inside.
"Well, the merry-go-round wasn't exactly spectacular."
Oh, you are, eh?
Why are you doing this?
What makes you think so?
"Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive."
At the hospital, I met a very nice nurse.
Well, this exactly happens in an old story from Norwegia.
Is it all right?
Will you hear it?
Will you marry me?
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
Oh, I beg your pardon!
The gallant noble, good man thinks of himself last.
I do not like sushi, so I did not really enjoy the meal.
Do you hear me?
"He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick."
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
"Sorry, we didn't even know you were here."
"Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know."
"I'm afraid I'll have to see your passes, gentlemen."
Do you know it?
Can I get you a drink?
"Well, that's all right."
What is it you want?
Buy at a market, but sell at home.
Roll the dice, please.
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
He could have sworn the shadow moved but he kept his eyes fixed on the table, his grip tightening on his cutlery.
"Why can't I skip this damn intro?"
What had happened to them?
Well, I think so.
"There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip."
"I've really started to appreciate Imperial measurements, you could say I'm a convert."
Can you sing me a lullaby?
Sure, I will be right back.
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
No, have you checked on the counter?
Very well, very well.
"The cable doesn't end in the wall plug, but it goes all the way to the power plant."
Can I have some of your tasty beverage?
No compliments, pray Without ceremony, Without the organ, Without repetition.
How often has the train been late?
Oh, look, they opened a Sushi bar around the corner!
No, nothing at all.
"And you couldn't release him?"
How could I help it?
But where are you going?
As independent studies document, the Neanderthals developed simple tools such as spears.
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
What did you do it for?
You are welcome, I suppose.
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
The wise man may change his opinion, but the fool , never.
"What's all this about a necklace?"
After the dance, they went straight home.
"It's a long way to Tipperary, it's a long way to go!"
Did you see him?
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
Confronted with a choice between cappuccino and espresso, she settled for an americano.
Without understanding the actual physics, some animals exploit total internal reflection for catching fish.
What are you doing here?
Drink like a fish, water only.
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
What can you do?
"""Jellyfish can cause serious injuries"", the physician explained to the patient."
What shall we do now?
"I've brought you some cheese, because I know you love cheese."
"Oxygen is important for us, but some bacteria don't need it at all."
How do you know that?
When he saw the storm clouds in the sky, Jaka wished he would have remembered his umbrella.
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
What are they like?
Jeez, you look stoned!
Did you rewind the cassette?
"""Cheers mate,"" he said to the driver as he left the taxi."
What has become of him?
Now, attend to me.
"C'mon, we need to turn on our GPS so we don't end up in the middle of nowhere."
Now, imagine a guy walking through that door and starting to give orders with a heavy accent.
What can it mean?
Will you come with me?
Out of debt, out of danger.
What became of him?
"What's to be done?"
But what is the use of talking?
What on earth do you mean?
Built January nineteenth, nineteen-seventeen, the monument is now celebrating its centennial.
Man proposes, God disposes.
"You're my daughter, and I love you."
The theater is closed for renovations, but will reopen in twenty-nineteen.
Pink foam floated gently through the air, landing on the parked vehicles.
"As he couldn't prove his innocence, he was brought to the detention zone, as if guilty."
Do you know anything about it?
Do you want me to?
I understand, he said.
Despite years of research, the problem remained intractable.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
"In other words, it's not an open platform."
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
Oh, I know it!
"He's an idol, but he's not a saint."
Roger, the backup team is on the way.
Me too, so I try to get plenty wherever I go.
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
And how did you get out?
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
To escape from the smoke, and fall into the fire.
But what can I do?
Out of sight, out of mind.
The two events, less trade and no more gold mines, forced the mint to close.
Good morning, how are you?
"Guys, homophobia isn't tolerated in this office."
"Why didn't you phone me up?"
"The planet's core is made of solid gold, but every traveller attempting to recover some didn't return."
Yeah, I had a bit of a poke at that and failed to work out what was wrong.
How did you get it?
How is the climate in Jamaica?
"As hiding places go, it isn't the worst."
No, but it is nice to meet you.
Did you really think it through?
How did she look?
Here, let me show you around.
Six hundred years after its founding, the city was at the peak of its building activity.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Hopefully this will actually be a lasting fix to the issue, and not just a short term fix.
Curiosity killed the cat; Satisfaction brought it back.
Who sent you to me?
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
What did you think of that trip?
It was easy to see on the radiogram, that his bones were broken.
Quiet down, will you?
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
What are we to do?
What am I to do?
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
When you find a bug in software, please report it.
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
"Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few."
Not everything that is faced can be changed; but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
We first met each other under the Eiffel tower, it was magical.
Let what must be, happen.
"The term ""just my two cents"" is about opinion, not about money."
"""Before you go, I want to hug you"", she said."
"I guess, it's a never-ending story."
"One man's loss, is another man's gain."
What are you talking about?
"""What a load of trash"", Sarah opined."
"Why didn't you object when you could?"
Sometimes, I need to clear my browser cache to save more storage space.
Don’t you like it?
Do you want me?
Felix, please show me how to correctly throw a boomerang.
"In that case, I guess we'll just have to find a way to draw him out."
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
And which family would that be?
Under what circumstances might you be persuaded to provide us with passes?
Who told you that?
I tend to avoid speaking to customers much, mostly because of my limited German.
"She's gonna like it, isn't she."
Fine, well I need to make a call before we leave.
"Very well, if you'd like to start your inspection of the lab area I'll go and fetch her."
How can I tell you that you are fit enough to join the camp?
"If you want a discount, you'll have to provide a ID."
Anita passed out during gymnastics, she recovered quickly.
What could it mean?
"James Watt didn't invent the steam engine, but he improved it significantly."
And who hired you for this?
How bad can a boss be?
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
Might I use your phone?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
Writing, the best memory.
He that considers too much, will not bring anything to performance.
What is the matter with you?
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
Check the copyright, trademark, and patent information contained on the website.
"Ninety five lines and no more, that's it."
"""I needed to concentrate more"", cried Jasper."
Is there anything I can do for you?
She is a very smart lady, and I think she can figure it out.
That guy over there likes to drink a lot, talk a lot, but do nothing.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Do you like contemporary paintings?
"By all means, it's just down the hallway."
Beds, beaches, and lawns are good for reading.
What is it, dear?
"I don't suppose you'd be willing to answer some of my questions while we're out here?"
It led to a large exodus of the city, with a majority of the population leaving.
A song, a Girl, a maid.
What shall I do?
He stood up, and by the time he went back to his seat everybody in the room was questioning the meaning of life.
What have you there?
How do you know it?
Can we please leave now?
"She's still staying in the maternity ward, but she's feeling much better."
See nothing, say nothing, know nothing.
What is your name?
What do you want?
Be right there, boss!
"Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time."
Trample the spark, else the flames will spread.
Why do you ask?
It was sprayed in red, with yellow edges.
You know, singing karaoke with you makes me realize how good of a singer I am.
Yes, it would be.
"When you're at a party and somebody says ""banana bread"", a sniper might be near you."
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
Oh Lord, give me patience – immediately!
In fact, this view is still present in many outdated teaching materials.
The life of that bungee jumper dangles on a string, in the truest sense of the word.
Let it burn, it gives us warmth and comfort.
No matter how much he offered, Scott would not accept the deal.
I assume this was your doing?
What joy there is in living?
"""How many hens are there for one cock?"", I asked the farmer."
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
Does the new splinter cell game come with a multiplayer mode?
Have you been to Japan?
Is he not still in the area then?
Do I know it?
Why do you do it?
What is she to do?
Dumbfounded, she told him calmly that a pound of feathers weighs the same as a pound of steel.
The race was finished in just thirty nine minutes, beating all expectations.
"Grow angry slowly; there's plenty of time."
Come in, come in!
Okay, I will not be concerned.
In recent years, the city gained international attention.
Have you ever tried donating to a non-profit movement?
To forget his fear of flying, he imagined how the stewardess would look like in a bikini.
However did you manage that?
Today, I am going to explain about Sundry Expenses.
"Moreover, I won't be needed for the next two days."
What can have happened?
You could run an interview that would prove it.
Will it be warm on Pink Hill?
"I can't remember anything."
"Now who'da done a mean thing like that?"
I suppose I ought to stay in my room all day!
"""Before you go, I want to hug you"", she said."
What does she look like?
I finally went by myself and came back this morning feeling happy and refreshed.
"He's in the desk."
Same way you did.
The city had once been famous for its yearly celebrations.
"What's the matter with my brain?"
Who wants to see liver pills?
We must get some of that serum as soon as possible.
"That's what I was sent down for."
"What's the matter with you two?"
She comes by it naturally.
You can hear out of it.
I want a table at a highly rated pub sometime this year
Then what am I doing here?
It required people to settle down.
play the latest movement by Charlie Higgins
"The publicity's the main thing."
"I'm feeling too good."
"Because we're the people and we're tough!"
Was there an old lady brought in from an auto smashup?
Find the book A Glorious Way to Die
The Fine Manufacturing Company was a bookkeeper for fourteen years.
Do it for the paper.
Other times I want to do something good for the world.
When is The Tale of the Fox playing near me
That’s because I want to remove the old grout from the bathroom tile.
"She will also announce the third party's candidate for the presidency."
We had to rush down the minute it happened!
You mean you and me?
The townsfolk were all chumps.
Are you trying to scoop us or something?
Play the latest Bobby Darin.
I use the directions North, South, West, and East to move to the top or bottom of a file and left or right within a line.
Always be constructive when you criticize others.
Fast-food is convenient but often unhealthy.
There are no laws about giving it away for free, though.
Today the committee implicitly decided to extend the arsenal.
Have you seen my mom?
"I wish to listen to Roni Duani 's music."
"But he'd have to."
Is it a deal?
Who else knows about this?
Take her to the infirmary.
We want to listen to nineties music from mike burkett.
Sun is better than rain.
I could buy some new clothes with all that money.
Whimsy is a difficult thing to capture.
More good luck telegrams.
"You'll see a lot of strange things from now on."
"I'm on the job!"
"I don't believe it."
Play some P. J. Proby
Everything I do is friendly.
The boss sent me over with it.
The tired paramedic handed over his patient for surgery.
It goes on the calendar for next week.
Her achievements will never be forgotten.
We must evacuate the courtyard.
The router overheated and needed to be restarted.
Would you rather leave?
Oxygen is essential to life on earth, as is water.
You were going to go out and conquer the world!
I need help in the late afternoons starting in March.
The LED monitor was cracked quite badly.
"What's she doing over here?"
But play the Star Spangled Banner.
"Let's listen to the best from Jeff Loomis."
"Why didn't you ask Neal about it?"
The whole office was struck by a deafening silence.
Pork cutlet is also very tasty, but our religion does not allow us to eat it.
"It's all right if you want to smoke your cigar now."
Wait until it happens to you sometime.
It was raised from everyone who entered the city during the celebration period.
Please look up for the work, Black Box.
"We've certainly been in some sweet jams."
This obviously hurt the economy, as well as city income.
A ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw.
A fine bunch of reporters.
Who let the cats out?
"He's probably trying the gate!"
Who do you want?
Cassie dismantled the bicycle.
Her old man was Doc Mitchell.
The deranged developer revised his application source code after a careful study of its contents.
What is the weather in Weidman will it be warm
Of course it is!
I could see the storm coming and the lightnings in the horizon.
Add the track to the Metal Talks Metallica playlist.
I can see April coming.
The model has effectively three fully connected layers.
A lame back kept his score low.
How do you like that?
You know where I can get it?
Schools for ladies teach charm and grace.
You must mean two other trees.
This is great for sandboxed web testing.
After the disclosure of the doping scandal the winner was deprived of the gold medal.
"Still after that first million before you're thirty."
The cringe levels were almost unbearable.
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
Weather in Malaysia
That was a little girl named Mary Hatch.
A content delivery network is necessary.
"I'm the one that knows."
Selenium WebDriver provides a powerful but simple API to control webpages.
I want to see Train
Languages that use the Latin script are written from left to right.
"He's on my phone."
Back in those days, it went really well for the city.
That woman stole my purse!
I need movie times in the area for any type of movies
It sounded as if you said no charge.
Most of my friends have already finished college.
What are you doing in here?
It was Linda Keller!
There are only eight flags up there now.
Please search for the Live in San Juan Capistrano picture.
"She spun towards John and shouted, ""Look Out!"""
I never saw it before.
Just get me home.
"The trouble with using this for all onscreen movement is that recognition accuracy isn't always perfect."
Can I have one of those?
I need to know when Sensation in Morgan’s Creek is playing
How about a little service?
"Note that the ""Show all"" button is helpful for expanding ellipses in commands."
You know where she lives?
What is it about?
"Everything'll be taken care of!"
And so do I!
I should say not.
The references were thick and impenetrable.
"I'm getting married tomorrow."
Would you like a cappuccino?
"Your account's still here."
Water boarding is a terrible form of torture.
The authors claim to specifically address variations due to geometric transformations in the acquired images.
Down at the office we get all the help we want.
"The huge advantage of NX is that it supports ""rootless"" mode."
She was supposed to come down and get you.
"I had to act quickly, that's why I jumped in."
"You're probably weak from hunger."
Congressman Aaron is here to see you.
I like gentle people.
I want to know what it is.
"She couldn't decide whether to take a shower or to have a bath."
Wind generator magnets require rare minerals that are not cheap.
"I've been looking all over town trying to find you."
"I'd like to listen to mark rae"
"But that brings me to Mozilla's more recent announcement: Project Common Voice."
"It really ought to be easy, except that right now there's an outstanding bug."
Play nineties music.
The suspension bridge was swinging in the gale.
"Today's world is full of commercials."
"Don't worry about that."
"I'm in a drugstore."
Are you running a business or a charity ward?
"Her father's awful worried about her."
In my playlist Rock Gaming add Mariem Hassan con Leyoad
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
She went to the pharmacy to get her pills.
Scanners with automatic document feeders actually exist.
Everyone should have health insurance.
Never ever have a boxing match with Ali!
"Lisa, why aren't you at the convention?"
please, a sound track of Jyotsna Radhakrishnan
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
"And of course, it's not very customizable."
"I've suddenly become quite important."
He was so all alone!
Want me to hang paintings at their convenience.
We rejoiced at the citadel.
"I've wrenched my ankle."
"I've got a flash for you!"
book a table for me, heidi and cara in Saudi Arabia
I water my plants everyday after sunset.
"I guess you must think I'm kinda batty."
Stop bashing Ivy all the time!
The picnic was ruined by a marching band.
"No, he's loyal."
Only a minority of literature is written this way.
Doughnuts are best with strawberry sprinkles and coffee.
"There's the professor now."
"If you just read the code, you'll miss out on why I made certain decisions."
Keep me here until I get over it.
"It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?"
Get me a rewrite woman.
An unknown perpetrator threatened two men from Syria with a pistol.
A ritzy limousine was driving along the fifth avenue.
Play bouncy techno from Lastfm.
But I like it that way.
"I didn't frisk him."
"There's no time like the present."
show me the schedule for The Duchess of Langeais at my cinema
Is it cold here?
I usually like to eat flying tomato salad.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
This man claims he was kidnapped.
In a little while.
What was all that?
"But here's the funniest part of it all."
I notice you still remember it.
"But they're somebody's children."
Of course you never did.
What is the humidity at my current position
And I still claim I was right the night I proposed.
Extract the relevant data and see if it matches our statistics.
Silence gives consent
The neon lights across the city dimmed as a new day is born.
"But it's just something I forgot to pack."
"Then who's this one?"
"You're demanding your rights."
They raised their glasses in the old bar.
Stick to your clubs.
book spot for me and my teens at Cherry Street Hotel in MH
Then get out of here.
The river babbled inanely to itself.
May I escort you to the garage?
"I don't like superstars with Botox faces."
The cistern was malfunctioning.
"Don't do it for me!"
"Geoffrey's parents are from the Ivory Coast."
I jumped in to save Rachel.
The tide rushed into the estuary at a menacing pace.
"He's nuts about you."
Only you expected it to be like other marriages.
The motorcycle made loud noise.
"He can't hurt anybody."
"Then use some other method for clicking or ""activating"" the item you're looking at."
Peer-to-peer networks are more robust than client-server architectures.
Edinburgh is a dream-like place to visit.
It was almost as if her life had been deleted.
"What's she up to?"
Your donation means a lot to us, thank you.
It sure looks good from here.
The criminals taunted the police officers and prison guards.
Any statement on the Red uprising tomorrow?
I wish I could remember the name of the cold milky saké served in a box.
I like the way she talks.
HTML is not a programming language.
A crowd of people stood around the fountain.
Which one is mine?
Robin had some sort of date with Tracy.
I want to do something big and something important.
I knew there was some mistake.
Do you know those people?
Her jaw was getting tired from chewing gum.
Bless you!
Net neutrality is fundamental to free speech.
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
Add Call Me D-Nice to the Chill Folk Rock playlist.
Are you going to call me?
Did she solve the riddle all by herself?
Whenever we wanted, we could see him.
His t-shirt was drenched in sweat.
It means my job!
What a reception they got.
To do Linux development, I rely on NX, a remote desktop solution.
Find the schedule at Southern Theatres.
She was waiting for her response.
Will it be cold here in one hour?
A colleague of mine is from West Virginia.
Access denied.
"Since then I haven't been able to get another one."
"I swear it on my mother's grave."
"Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again."
Can you please find me the work, Goodbye?
Who is Omar and what did he do?
The bench was long and strong.
"The City Sealer's office."
"I know you're unhappy."
Do you need any help?
The sun burned mercilessly from the sky.
"I'm proud of you."
I almost dropped him!
Please check which movies will be available at eleven A.M. at Santikos Theatres?
This is as far as the elevator goes.
It was flowering beautifully.
Inverse kinematics are a mathematical challenge for robot engineers.
I definitely had moments where I questioned whether I would ever become efficient.
can you get me the television show called Start It Up?
And the last one?
The beer was more than just refreshing, it was delicious.
There is a whole lot of joy in playing piano.
Six hundred years after its founding, the city was at the peak of its building activity.
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
You got your watermelon.
The train pulled into the station.
The space quickly filled with people.
You told me that.
"What's the idea of locking this?"
She and Heather were talking.
Book a reservation for four this Afternoon at a highly rated food court
Play the latest Peter Green.
They went out of business years ago.
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
Add the tune to my House Afterwork playlist.
Not only did he manage to do it, he did it professionally!
The wizard knew plenty conjuring tricks and enchanted his audience.
Sit on the perch and tell the others what to do.
"Claire's cupboard was empty."
You have no identity.
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
"She's accused of stealing a watch."
The Kyoto style coffee does not disappoint.
"I'm not familiar with the books this author wrote."
"You wouldn't want to kill anybody."
Tonight, they would find out the truth.
Better let me talk to him.
"What's the snowfall in Malawi?"
The command was given to erect an outpost to defend strikes from the east.
The sinner had wrinkled hands.
Night after night Holly came back late from the office.
"Let's do this in chronological order."
I could feel that they were hungry for something.
She looked in the mirror and was excited at what she saw.
I need a drink.
"I'm working across on a cattle boat."
Symbols of the little people.
Is it a good job?
Stop treating me like a child.
It was engineering at its finest.
Her mixing console had an old-fashioned but still cool vinyl player.
Came back three days ago.
The biology students had lots of homework to do until the next lecture.
We crumble the bowl with a rasp until only fractions are left.
A steel framed table separated one half of the room from the other.
"What's the matter?"
You jump, I jump.
He was a wealthy man?
You are pronouncing it wrong.
When will The Flower and the Angry Waves be showing?
He mashed in the controller buttons, hoping for some extra speed.
"I'm trying to prove it."
"I've done nothing of the sort."
play This Is Colour by Panda Bear
It was a suicidal stunt.
They were suffering from hunger.
When you are ready for even faster browsing, check out my post on Custom web commands with WebDriver.
The references are good in the very narrow area of histogram methods.
We broke it in half.
What were you doing in Boston?
"What's the matter with everybody?"
Did you want to see me?
So I simply structure my list around my motivations and situations.
Chris said that Lisa did it but I dont trust him.
What movies are at Caribbean Cinemas
The article should discuss possible approaches to image registration.
I want to book Dinner by Heston Blumenthal in Alabama.
"No-one knows what's behind this gate."
"I learned that at my grandma's knee."
Of course, this only reduces the severity of the problem.
You bet I will!
"I'm not the first woman to die for preaching it."
"The facts don't always show who is right."
My wacom tablet has a dodgy wire.
My mother just called you?
Forget it, there is no such thing.
He was bisexual, I think.
"I say we don't go out any more."
Show me the schedule in the nearest movie theatre for Invasion U.S.A..
Saul was infuriating the others.
It was a storm that no one in the meteorological office predicted.
Thanks for dropping around.
I beg of you not to do this thing.
The worst outcome is that the company refuses the offer.
Who is it from?
"Why couldn't you just look at his feet?"
How could this happen?
The coffee had a very strong taste.
Other engergy sources receive subsidies as well, often much higher.
When did you arrive in town?
Which one are you?
"I'm not rubbing it in."
Put lady bunny onto my Women of R&B playlist.
It looks like Lena left her jacket.
Some people make the same mistakes over and over again.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
Does this belong to you?
Tell me if there will be sun in the afternoon in New Hampshire
"You can't do that to me!"
Caramels are the best.
The fluid sprayed across the foyer.
Add ze rak sport to my playlist Relajación
The existence of gravitational waves had long been predicted.
There were thirty girls on the soccer field.
Your rusty bicycle chain could use some lube.
I with Kevin would go with us.
The flight attendant winked at the obnoxious passenger seated next to me.
"She saw a cat in the neighbor's house."
What did he buy a paper for?
Did you get him?
"I'm also hoping to hear from others, so please post your own ideas in the comments and tell me what I could do better!"
Would you like a stamp?
"Promise you'll never lie the way Snoopy did."
She supports a mother and two kids.
Three cheers for Aden Christopher.
Just look and see what you did.
"Picture's in the paper!"
This requires a little thought here.
Just finished working.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
There are countless possibilities of arranging pieces on a board of chess.
"It's Candice now on long distance from Washington!"
I have also experimented with a fancier solution to this problem.
It was after they got back from fishing.
I may have overslept.
"Mrs. Sarah doesn't either."
Can you search Miracle in the Rain?
I suppose all this is leading somewhere?
I told you Baldwin was in trouble.
Play Device music from the fourties.
Just things like that.
Find the schedule for Grand Canyon Trail.
When doing reinforcement learning, we have to find a suitable trade-off between exploration and exploitation.
"I'm afraid I already know a great many people."
She gave me back the charger.
The article should contain URL where the dataset can be downloaded.
Portals are used in many computer games to instantly travel from one place to another.
"I guess I'm not quite the football type."
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
"I didn't see anything."
Want to give my flower a drink.
add this track to my Pure Mellow Jazz playlist
In fact, this view is still present in many outdated teaching materials.
Help me search UFC on Fox show.
Some of the presented conclusions are not supported by the reported results.
Birth and death marks the limits of life.
Play the newest Roger Troutman track possible
She joined up too.
play the most popular Bret Michaels record
There was no response from the elders.
Add Amir Khan to my playlist Acoustic Blues
What was the weather last February in William A. Switzer Provincial Park?
Please search A New Machine TV series.
Just pick up a first aid kit to restore your health.
There are many spoons.
Have you notified the police?
There goes another scrub lady.
This is no time to give up!
You forgot to pack it.
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
Play the man who sold the world from Steve Swell
I beg your pardon?
"It wasn't there."
The Morning Post just turned Shelly Eric over to the Sheriff.
Please find me the Magic Hour saga.
"I'm the answer to your prayer."
You were here on my wedding night.
"But I don't have it."
"Don't you see what's happening?"
"He's followed every game and his mouth's watering."
Most algorithms are not very sensitive to the type of normalization used.
Wear the blue one.
rate On the Road a five
I should say not!
"Then I've only got an hour to dress."
"You've got swell form."
Joanne ought to be back by now.
Add Permanent Signal to my dance workout playlist.
"Something's the matter with the baby!"
"With this kind of organization, I find it's much easier to prioritize within a category."
Follow the instructions here.
They whisked themselves into a frenzy.
But we can start clean now.
Is A Man, a Woman, and a Bank showing in the nearest Neighborhood Cinema Group
You said you wanted fireworks.
I want to see Sympathy for the Devil
There was a fluctuation in the water pressure that fed the whale tank.
"You're supposed to be the one that has all the answers."
These cookies are delicious!
Book a reservation for a restaurant in Palau in six years
Jeans are the only kind of trousers I have in my wardrobe.
I would say Dead Wood was three stars
"I think perhaps I'd better go to bed."
The visual acuity is astonishing.
"Don't take any chances."
"Let's see the money."
Can you imagine bumping into a load of cops?
"We're coming to a new order of things."
"I don't want a better one later."
Our earth is geologically active, while other planets in the solar system are not.
Facebook collects data about non-members.
"I don't like seals anyhow."
She looks kind of bored.
You will spend that hour getting acquainted with Marshall Bailey.
"I'm going to miss Annie."
"He says it's the chance of a lifetime."
"You're lying to me."
"I can't think any more."
"How do you know what they're doing?"
"You're on the Board here."
something on Spotify please
What a wonderful weather!
Got a lot of charm.
"""Let's fly to the stars together"", he suggested."
He preferred to sit down and wait.
"That's a good amount to start with."
Better use heat resistant gloves when you take the bricks out of the furnace.
When is the usual monsoon period in Bangladesh?
"Look, the seam is now broken, it couldn't stand the jerk."
What did he do?
"According to the dictionary, the word ""gizmo"" means the same as ""gadget""."
"What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?"
Thatâs what you get for testing my patience.
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again."
Good morning, how are you?
How did it end?
Every Jack has his Jill.
What good would that do?
If you see something you like, take it and make it better.
Well begun is half done.
What makes you think that?
How far is it?
What did he mean?
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
"When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down."
Oh, that will be fun!
What on earth are you rambling about?
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
When he saw the storm clouds in the sky, Jaka wished he would have remembered his umbrella.
Was it a good idea?
The president of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
I think the party was an amusement for most of the guests, but Mirco felt really out of place.
If you release the clutch too quickly, the engine will stall.
What did he grow?
Hello, Benjamin.
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
Where did he go?
Have you the key?
To understand recursion, one must first learn about recursion.
What is she like?
It was sunny a just minute ago!
You know, he is an honest man.
Does this mean he will go to jail?
"Why didn't you object when you could?"
"Jennifer's expression changed. ""Pull my finger"", she said."
I pressed the button for my nurse, but he did not come.
Yeah, I like that.
The crow tilted its head, as if it was thinking.
Have you ever tried donating to a non-profit movement?
"Thou comest'well, if thou comest alone said of misfortunes."
What are you doing there?
How many layers of irony are you on?
His dessert smelled musty, not sweet.
Look, you really need to sort yourself out.
He grew strawberries, so you would not like it.
When interfering, two waves can be added together to create a wave of greater amplitude than either one.
According to the recipe, we need mild mustard.
"I'm not so much into anatomy, where's the bladder again?"
Is it not so?
Just, how big is that closet?
A musical note sustained to its full length, with no break between it and the next note.
Who could it be?
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
"""Prepare for detonation"", he announced and started the countdown."
But what of it?
Hello, my name is Brenda.
Thanks to our augmented reality glasses, we gain insight to the details.
Who has already arrived?
Oh okay, I see.
Detach the hydrogen atom from the cyanide molecule.
"Why didn't you come to our launch party?"
"If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again."
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
"I'd like to order some cinnamon pretzels, please."
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
I like the avenger of the new episode, he really is a badass.
Out of sight, out of mind.
"The C++ framework Qt is pronounced like ""cute""."
But what could he do?
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
That guy over there likes to drink a lot, talk a lot, but do nothing.
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
Did the dog sniff anyone out yet?
Wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his Lekrjahre, to acquire further experience.
Have many acquaintances, but few friends.
Oh, I think you are right.
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
I do like movies, but I prefer cartoons.
What are you laughing at?
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
But where are you going?
The pin number is three, seven, two, six.
Deliberate slowly, execute promptly.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
To calibrate the motion capturing system, please do a T-pose.
He opened the package, and tucked into a sandwich.
Grime, rust and residual particles polluted the air.
The family that prays together, stays together.
Tortoises are reptiles, not amphibians.
What was to be done?
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
I wonder what he wants?
What do you think it was?
Yes, it would be.
Count not your chickens before they are hatched.
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
When I visited South America I had dinner with Aaron, Douglas, Nicole, and Raymond.
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
How did she look?
Yesterday he felt invincible, now he has a hangover.
The little girl wanted to have a balloon, but was too shy to ask.
"Sorry, but I need to inform Jason that I'll be late."
Where did you find that apple?
I really like the instrumental part, but the vocals are rude.
What do you say to that?
What has he done?
"""I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior"", the psychologist said in a professional tone."
If the cap fit, wear it.
Is this a picture of a cat?
"Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled."
"""See,"" said Sarah, ""that is my brother."""
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
"Although searching in binary search trees is efficient, you won't find any fruits in there."
Quiet down, will you?
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
Such an oscillating dipole moment can exchange energy with an electromagnetic wave of same frequency.
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
What sort of a man was he?
A chain of mountains with jagged ridges like the teeth of a saw.
And what did you do then?
Thank you, just the same.
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
To no surprise, the equator indeed crosses Ecuador.
Lifeguards were standing on a tower, staring at the water.
Doves sprouted, then escaped from various oversized pockets, some trailing handkerchiefs or bunting.
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
If not true, it is very ingenious.
What made you do it?
Despite years of research, the problem remained intractable.
What will you have to drink?
"As students, they founded an a capella group and now they're commercially successful."
The very next day, he woke refreshed.
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
And how did you get out?
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
Well, I like that!
Why do you say that?
"Before we begin with the actual baptism, let's renew our creed."
"Well, the merry-go-round wasn't exactly spectacular."
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
Do you hear me?
Living alone, she made solitude her best friend.
"Reading or not, it's to you, really."
"Do you have Nina's phone number?"
Slovakia has common borders with Ukraine, Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic.
Do you want me?
Unfortunately, the choice is permanent.
To my satisfaction, I have been mentioned in the credits for my proficiency.
What can have happened?
What does this mean?
"It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top."
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
What is today?
When are we leaving for the party?
Who is responsible for these parrots?
Necessity is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
In an undertone, or whisper.
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
Do you see that?
Did you see any ghosts?
What is she to do?
"Dude, you've got swag!"
Apparently, most of the sentences have been written by nerds and scientists.
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
"""One moment,"" she said."
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
Wake and rise, and step into the green outdoors.
What can it mean?
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
No, Olivia is a brunette.
The cheese and wine was complimented with fig jam and green, seedless grapes.
Can you tell me where it hurts?
I could not judge for her actions, but I believe that she is right.
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
Why would I want to do that?
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
Jeez, you look stoned!
Have you seen Hollie?
Are you going to Kyoto this June?
After playing tennis in virtual reality, he felt dizzy.
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
In surprise finish, the final score was seven to five.
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
Please, be humble.
When he got the call, Ali ran out of the store, down the street, and into the car.
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
Where are you from?
"I've really started to appreciate Imperial measurements, you could say I'm a convert."
"Grow angry slowly; there's plenty of time."
The election was held May nineteen-seventy-six.
"Do you still remember your old account's password?"
"Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day."
"Ninety five lines and no more, that's it."
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Did you see it?
Well, I think so.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
"We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things."
Jason opened some old, dusty chests in the attic of his house.
What on earth do you mean?
"He's an idol, but he's not a saint."
"Luckily, the dagger couldn't penetrate the bullet proof vest."
Thunder and lightning Hasten with leisure. More hurry, worse speed.
Will it rain tomorrow?
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
There was an accident at work, a camel stampede nearly killed the janitor.
What are you going to do?
Do male kangaroos have a pouch?
Can I be used to request invocation of a subsystem on the remote system?
What was your favorite thing to see in your travels?
She put on her slippers, scaled the stairs, and went to bed.
The blackbird watched all this from the tree twisting its head left and right, blinking and testing its wings, before finally taking to the air.
What did he want?
How many slices would you like Santiago?
"We're not allowed to export our goods to Afghanistan, due to the embargo."
The fool wanders, the wise man travels.
That is one possibility, but we would both prefer it did not happen.
What should I say?
How long have you had this bruise?
I do not like sushi, so I did not really enjoy the meal.
For dinner, they had Cesar salad.
Something deep beneath the earth shifted, sending vibrations strong enough to register on earthquake detection mechanisms hundreds of miles away.
Great braggers, little doers.
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
Where is it, then?
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
"There's no point in disclaiming, we have everything on tape."
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
The harder you work, the luckier you are.
Cold hands, warm heart.
To eat, and to scratch, a man need but begin.
LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
"""Before you go, I want to hug you"", she said."
Oh, what are you going to when he arrives?
May I sit down?
Well, then, allow me to retort.
The light-year is a unit of distance, not of time.
They walked in from the rain, all dishevelled and steaming.
Nice, genial, jolly.
Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers.
What did you think?
He could have sworn the shadow moved but he kept his eyes fixed on the table, his grip tightening on his cutlery.
If the cap fits, wear it.
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
What are we going to do?
And what became of him?
Have you seen my USB dongle?
No, you cannot have that lollipop.
"Why didn't you phone me up?"
The volcano eruption itself was a catastrophe, but the ash is an excellent fertilizer.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work!
He that considers too much, will not bring anything to performance.
She read the book quickly, savouring the characters that came vividly to mind from the well-crafted prose.
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
Look, fireflies!
As one door closes, another always opens.
This is the power box we always have problems with, if you could take a look.
Where are the others?
She looked skeptical when leaning against the wall, observing the celebrities.
After the last patient left, the doctor carefully washed her hands.
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
As a workaround, we could use application specific profiles.
Are you in pain?
I understand, he said.
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
Many languages are spoken in Tanzania, one of them is Zulu.
"What's the matter with me?"
Not too bad, I suppose.
Come on, I can handle it.
Before you get too excited, keep in mind that it only applies to low-dimensional problems.
Come on, just stop thinking about it.
But where are we going?
What will they think?
Where did that come from?
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
Oh, look, they opened a Sushi bar around the corner!
Men that are not included in the line, the reserve, Militia Never mind, Farewell.
Arms, coat of arms.
"Kenneth reacted badly to the steroids, he's under observation for the next hour."
What do you want me to say?
When the carpet and the curtains caught fire, it was getting warm.
The model predicts that by twenty-thirty, the chances could more than double.
Vermicelli A trio, or musical piece for three voices or instruments.
Madam, this is the best brand of corn.
How would he take it?
After twelve hours of rowing, Darius climbed out of the canoe, and lied down on the beach to nap.
Curiosity killed the cat; Satisfaction brought it back.
"No, we don't laminate our business cards."
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
What does it matter?
"Did you know that the word ""commercial"" could mean the same as ""advertisement""?"
Seoul has two main airports: one at Incheon and another one at Gimpo.
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
One short, solitary clown entered the ring honking an oversize horn while waving forlornly to the audience.
Now what is it?
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
Wow, this is a nice table!
Even the weak, when united, become powerful.
To cut to the chase, the harvest was really bad.
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
"I have disabled some of the certificate authorities, but they're not grayed out in this list."
We first met each other under the Eiffel tower, it was magical.
"The driver's rating is quite low, and I felt suspicious."
"Grow angry slowly, there's plenty of time."
Is it actually unusual for a planet that its axis is tilted?
When you travel at warp speed, do it with caution!
"Don't knock on death's door, ring the doorbell and run."
When Luke had finished the hazard analysis, he frowned.
"A wise man doesn't need advice, and a fool won't take it."
When playing, children often just reenact what they experienced before.
"Their application for asylum has been accepted, since they're victims of political persecution."
No, have you checked on the counter?
"I like reading about medical mysteries, don't you?"
"There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip."
Together, we can rule the world!
What can I do?
What do you want of me?
Yesterday, I asked my doctor for a new prescription.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
He kept driving at full speed, totally unfazed by the flap, flap, flap of the burst tyre.
May I escort you to the garage?
Roaming endlessly around the park, she wants to go home.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
If you want it, you must take it.
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
But what is it?
How can we reconcile this conflict?
"""Let's prepare for the picnic!"", said Abigail."
Doctor, we have a medical emergency, and we need you at the emergency room now.
"""I needed to concentrate more"", cried Jasper."
Oh, I know it!
The fox pounced across the edge of the farm, only to find a safari explorer singing an opera by Vivaldi.
What does she say?
In for a penny, in for a pound.
Jacqueline, Micheal and Nicholas were often called Jack, Mike and Nokia.
They stumbled and fell, and the solitary horn-honker was left standing silently.
The theater is closed for renovations, but will reopen in twenty-nineteen.
Now where could my pipe be?
Is that how your niece began?
Darling, I have a gift for you.
Can you file these files, please?
What do you advise, sir?
Have you visited that famous batcave, Albert?
"Aren't we godlike?"
"Aw man, that's terrible!"
What can I do for you?
Where do you want to go?
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
Sentences are built of nouns, verbs and sometimes adjectives.
We have already met, but it would be nice to see him again.
Very well, she said.
Can you please check your inventory?
I thought they navigated based on pheromone trails or something, but apparently not.
Young lady Cheer up!
What do you mean by that?
A flight of musical notes.
Will you breakfast with me?
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work!
"It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top."
Even the women knew how to be silent.
He must crack the nut who would the kernel eat.
Little thieves are hanged, but great ones escape.
He had to take him prisoner.
The wild huntsman.
That is quite true.
Two to one are odds at football.
"Okay, that's not it."
"It is so very good that it's good for nothing."
No one picked up, so I went by her place on the way here.
Pile the coal high in the shed corner.
Never quit certainty for hope.
"Some people like sea gulls, others don't."
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
There was nothing behind him except for his bookcase which seemed to be missing a single, important book.
Yeah, I like that.
She was just diagnosed with uterine cancer.
"Undefined reference to 'swizzle'."
I could not judge for her actions, but I believe that she is right.
Jerk the cord, and out tumbles the gold.
If you just finished speaking this sentence, click the red button below to stop recording.
While the cats away the mice play.
Is it a secret?
What did you think?
When you travel at warp speed, do it with caution!
You may whistle for it.
The hull husk and the full in plenty Virtue is the highest good.
What on earth is the matter?
Capital town.
That’s what you get for testing my patience.
"Toby said, he's gonna sue his ex-wife."
It came about in this way.
He stole the PIN to her bank account.
Back to our original plan, I think.
My cat loves to ensconce herself in my new sofa.
No, Olivia is a brunette.
Beasts get fat by change of pastures.
That one was my favorite!
A single hair casts a shadow.
Johnny Depp is reprising his role for the third time in the new film.
Where is your father?
No lock will hold against the power of gold.
Nothing venture, nothing gain.
The children learned how knit.
Keep the hatch tight and the watch constant.
I wonder what he wants?
Oh no, that is terrible!
The Poles, meaning the Polish people, obtained independence.
"Yeah, one thing cats have going for them is that they don't follow you around so much."
Knowledge is better than riches.
How do you know?
Can I get the sandwich without mayonnaise?
By twenty-twenty-two I expect the problem will be solved.
Great is the victory that is won without bloodshed.
The wrist was badly strained and hung limp.
Tom Cruise is a famous movie star born in nineteen-sixty-two.
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
"It's raining gin!"
If you experience further problems, please let me know.
"If you can't help, don't hinder."
Make the best of a bad bargain.
After writing a bug report, one should regularly check if someone responded.
The highest female voice.
Victoria was born in nineteen-seventy-four.
A short cut is often a wrong cut.
"I don't know yet."
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe.
She plans to install a bench on her balcony.
Between their teeth.
Now I must go.
The last switch cannot be turned off.
"It's a trinket of primarily sentimental value, although it might command a small sum on the open market, belonging to one of my employers."
It causes most warning and diagnostic messages to be suppressed.
In “Education” there is no U and I... Wait, actually, I guess there is.
After an avalanche buried the skiing resort, it was hard to determine its exact location.
Before creating a new topic, please use the search function to find similar threads.
The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant.
What does that mean?
The space was spartan, almost bare.
A Fabulous tale.
As like as two peas.
I’ve got an announcement to make.
Burning fridges, televisions and washing machines are not as unusual as one might think.
The name given in Spain and Portugal.
Seventeen gardeners are working this afternoon.
Her Majesty has left the building.
After I had finished the first batch of papers, I was getting into the workflow.
A note to be sustained during its whole length.
"To be liberal at another's expense."
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
Natalie gave me a pleasing massage, when we were in Luxembourg last week.
I am sorry for it.
The deadly monster kid made the news again.
Live and let live.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
A constable an inferior officer of justice.
A conservative.
"You don't say so!"
The eggs need to be organic to not spoil the royal pastries.
"Please don't feed the pigeons, or else they will haunt you forever!"
But he is right.
The pup jerked the leash as he saw a feline shape.
The cake will be ready in seventeen minutes.
Clifton is unable to reach the shelf.
Her blouse consists of ninety-five percent cotton and five percent polyester.
"Sooner or later, they'll find out how to read these hieroglyphics."
"It's raining heavily, take an umbrella."
"Oops, I didn't want to barge in on you!"
Oh, what a pity!
When interfering, two waves can be added together to create a wave of greater amplitude than either one.
Many hands help get the job done.
What if he made a new version?
"Most people using the term ""exponentially"" don't know what it actually means."
Because of my depression, I have been recommended to see a psychiatrist.
C.S. Lewis is the author of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The kernels in principle allow for much more exotic methods.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Robert is king of the playground.
Silence is golden.
The metal ions have to be heated in the flame first.
Nothing lost for lack of asking.
Please Postman.
The fool wanders, the wise man travels.
I took her for a rose, but she turned out a thorn.
This allows remote hosts to connect to local forwarded ports.
"I'm going to roast some chestnuts."
There is a lag between thought and act.
My grandmother has Type One diabetes.
What do you advise?
Always in a hurry, always behind.
Index arithmetic is performed to create this.
She decided to study Accounting at a university in Portugal.
Sort of a new kind of design.
Diamonds are forever.
The dry wax protects the deep scratch.
The salesman was like the rest of them, untrustworthy.
A main application of pseudorandom generators lies in the de-randomization of computation that relies on randomness.
Do not touch the apparatus before I told you to do so.
"Don't blow your own trumpet."
Under the Inquisition.
So far so good.
As they stood on the escalator, they wondered how high they were.
Have you seen Omar?
Kettle-drums.
As a winner, Carlos gives his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
There is no fire without some smoke.
Olivia came to pick up the cup cakes.
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
How would he take it?
To take a drop too much.
"""Still a better love story than Twilight"", he commented on the porn movie."
It looks like it.
As you go through life, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.
Who could it be?
Are they twins or just normal siblings?
Whose men are you?
I could not bear it.
But not for long.
The boss just delayed the deadline for the report.
What are you doing?
Can you imagine something more beautiful than a plastic bag swooping and floating in a breeze?
Two-wave sources are perfectly coherent if they have a constant phase difference and the same frequency.
Her grandpa bought her a new boomerang when he last visited.
Fourteen silly looking clowns waltzed together in the park eliciting laughter as they pirouetted.
Solfaing system of arranging the scale of music by the names do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si a voice exercise.
"The senate condemned the invasion of the empire's colonies."
The candles brightened the dark room near to the garage.
The exact shape of the cavity is often dependent on how many lamps are used.
They took their kids from the public school.
Check the main features on the website.
No, but I saw a gift shop.
Many soldiers of world war two have never been buried on a grave yard.
The new patch is less invasive than the old one, but still causes regressions.
Shall I head up now then?
Silence gives consent.
"Don't worry, I have a feeling I'll be seeing him pretty soon anyway."
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
There was a pause.
Cheese is made from milk, as well as many other dairy products.
His shirt was clean but one button was gone.
The item costs five euros.
This is required in order for the security proof to work.
"Do you have any idea how long he's likely to be?"
A mewing cat is not a good mouser.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Connect to the specified prompt server.
We will have a quiz on binomial nomenclature next week.
"Don't count your chickens before they hatch."
There are nineteen students in this Economics class.
Marilyn Monroe passed away in nineteen-sixty-two.
The everlasting Jew the wandering Jew.
How did you do it?
He was depressed and suicidal.
An injury is forgiven better than an injury revenged.
If you want it, you must take it.
Pickled cabbage Fast train express.
Please send log information using the standard system module.
The ambulance drove quickly to the hospital.
He entered the room.
To wait and be patient soothes many a pang.
Let well alone.
You know, gifts are, by definition, free.
The fourth component of homogeneous coordinates is usually set to one.
I have to use the toilet.
To fleece him smartly.
Chancellor of the Exchequer
Under the limes.
The item costs five Yen.
"In correct time musical'."
With emphasis.
"I'm letting her out of the house."
The appended postfixes are written as bit strings.
How long would the interview take?
The article references previous biometric work in a reasonable way.
The clever men could be ignored.
Wish I had a million dollars.
Elsa knitted furiously.
To keep on pitching.
If you had known me you would have offered me a cup of tea.
You should see his fan mail!
"You're the only one who could have it."
"I don't know you!"
What could I do?
Mark untaped the package carefully.
Rarely have I seen such a collection of poorly motivated simple methods.
Used to hunt rabbits there myself.
"I don't think this wall should be painted the way you suggested."
"I can't remember anything."
"""Imagine what we could have achieved together!"", he sobbed."
"I think you're a great guy."
You can show line numbers relative to your current position, or you can show the numbers.
"You won't be safe until the money's in our hands."
"I don't care whether she did or not."
It was like electricity through her veins.
"That's what it means!"
Is it all right?
Every purchase is a vote.
"What'll I tell him?"
"Amazingly, the wall made of iron didn't feel cold."
What does she look like?
She knows it too!
We migrated our stuff from Mac OS to Linux.
Work in progress.
Elizabeth reclined gracefully.
This crazy llama spit in my face.
The valley was filled with dense fog.
It’s important to me to keep the Internet healthy.
When can I see him?
She carefully removed the evidence from its packaging.
"Where'd you wire him?"
"I'll always let you down!"
"He's in the desk."
"And then I'm going to build things."
"He said he couldn't have handled it better himself."
"You seem to think I've never done this before."
"But we've never had any real trouble."
Thanks for the clarification!
Never mind those guys.
Spencer of the Chronicle.
It starts with one thing.
I saw Neil yesterday afternoon.
"You'll take fifty and like it!"
How can you tell?
"You want a drink or don't you?"
"You'd think I was on the witness stand!"
Even with night-vision googles, no target was in sight.
They play duets together.
He turned on the microphone just as the hen was ready to squawk.
Same way you did.
This is a very interesting situation.
"It's a temporary tattoo that looks like... a color wheel?"
His name is Barry Baldwin.
Every time he saw her, he felt nervous.
I owe everything to Corey Brown.
Put Jackie right on the staff.
"What's the matter with my brain?"
Who wants to see liver pills?
"I'm going to school."
We must get some of that serum as soon as possible.
It is up there!
Mission accomplished!
Seems like it ought to be fixable in software.
Look at those shoulders!
"That's what I was sent down for."
With her index finger, the little girl pointed to her mum.
"What's wrong with that one?"
"Evidently we're the floor show."
Handle that with kid gloves.
"I didn't do nothing."
The sweet corn tasted better grilled.
I been here for hours.
His adversary had three respawns remaining.
Yesterday my wife bought new pillows for herself.
She comes by it naturally.
Then what am I doing here?
The system with certificate authorities has some serious issues.
Many of our soldiers teamed up.
Some place to live!
The terror was palpable.
The software I develop has to build and run on a special company-specific installation of Ubuntu.
It required people to settle down.
To stuff into their own pockets.
"Who'd you say was gonna get him?"
"That'll close my account."
They heard the people walking on the street.
I said I was trying to catch one.
"""Hey DJ, play the top one hundred tracks"""
"They can't do that to me!"
Here it is again.
There was no trace of him.
"You'd think I committed some sort of crime!"
This is Christmas Eve.
"The publicity's the main thing."
A lot of these people are out of work.
Drunken elks are very dangerous, be aware.
"I'll bet you don't really need those."
Gimme the Receiving Room.
"Please don't appeal to my Sentimental side."
Something smells around here.
"There is nothing wrong with this guy's love."
She likes you.
What did she say?
All beverages in this shop are free of alcohol.
Please stop the recording by pressing the button again, when you have finished reading this sentence.
"Because he's wearing moccasins."
Three taps is me.
I failed to reach a conclusive interpretation.
I find that the best way to combat this issue is to use the built-in Vocabulary Editor.
Something just flew by!
"This time we're going to get it right."
He gets scared and goes into hiding.
"I'll tell you what I'll do."
Judge may not think so.
"And don't wear your high hat!"
"I'm sorry it's impossible."
"Somebody's going to get hurt!"
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant the sanctions that will have an effect on the community.
"Why didn't you call me?"
Have you ever seen a spaghetti tree?
Would you do anything like that?
Form follows function.
"Now look what you've done!"
"I don't know what it is."
This picture is pure art.
"How'd you get out?"
The Fine Manufacturing Company was a bookkeeper for fourteen years.
Do it for the paper.
"Since you'll be using these a lot, make them as terse as possible."
She never grew up.
Grocery shops have never been so expensive.
"They're right in there on the desk."
"She will also announce the third party's candidate for the presidency."
Train whistles echo in the distance.
Wait till you try to turn around.
We had to rush down the minute it happened!
I promise, I will be careful!
"I don't want to rush you."
You should never cross the street when the traffic light shows red.
It was easy to see on the radiogram, that his bones were broken.
The townsfolk were all chumps.
Are you trying to scoop us or something?
What did he ever do for his country?
"You know I didn't tell anybody I was coming here."
"This man's going to jump off a roof."
Please bring Mama back.
Foxes are really intelligent creatures.
I use the directions North, South, West, and East to move to the top or bottom of a file and left or right within a line.
"It's awfully clear now."
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
"You're going to run into the Governor."
"Don't you remember the home I promised you?"
"That's comparing apples and oranges."
Then why should they be surprised when they see one?
Once you get familiar with it you will want to use it for everything.
"Little Spot's gotta be taken care of!"
"Don't try and lick that pole, your tongue will get stuck!"
No one is going to come to your rescue.
Will you get close to him?
The letter excitedly pulled from that official envelope held the news she desired for so many years.
She told me she feels hopeful and optimistic.
Fast-food is convenient but often unhealthy.
But I never said anything like that.
I think I will.
Ask the mastermind!
I was just in town earlier this year, so it is kind of crazy to think about what took place right after.
One of the best ways to get started writing Dragonfly macros is to set up web browsing by voice.
Might start to rain again.
To be continued...
Do you mind if I sit down?
She was the one in charge of everything.
You used to be able to pitch better than that.
"Mine's in the door."
I never saw Amanda act like that before.
"I've got a desk I want moved."
My brother just got the Congressional Medal of Honor.
I got a continuance for a whole month.
I want my wife.
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
The things that pop up at the last minute!
I forgot to thank you for those roses.
"Is that Kimberly's teacher?"
I also have categories for close friends containing stuff I want to do with them or tell them about.
Is Sam with you?
Keep him in here!
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
"We've got to find him."
"I've been lonely and hungry for something practically all my life."
"I've got to get started on my interview."
I recommend the Omni pedal Quad.
"That's where I'm going."
She said she was so exhausted and unhappy that she thought of leaving, and she did.
I can stand being spoiled a little.
"What're you trying to do?"
I get thirty dollars a week.
"Is it a deal or isn't it?"
"There'll be no Red uprising!"
"You're supposed to be a smart guy!"
Sunburns can be avoided by applying sunscreen or by staying in the shadows.
Do you know Ahmed?
I believe in the Golden Rule.
There has been a robbery at the burger shop in downtown.
"You're far too valuable!"
The moon is responsible for tides on earth.
Have you seen my mom?
"My name's Pete Davis."
Did you find it?
"I'll bet it's a warrant for my arrest."
Turning the air conditioning on leads to an increased fuel consumption.
Yesterday I waited forever for the subway train.
Grandma is fearless.
The giraffe had become fearful.
Nice to meet you.
But what has all this got to do with the CEO?
Just make yourselves at home.
"Don't let her shoot."
Brenda Peters just escaped from the County Jail.
"It does impose some constraints on command ordering, but this isn't a big problem."
"You look at me as if you didn't know me."
Not everything that is faced can be changed; but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Who else knows about this?
"I didn't want the publicity."
I think somebody stole one of his crown jewels.
Take her to the infirmary.
Sun is better than rain.
Ouch, that was uncalled for.
I could buy some new clothes with all that money.
Strong cryptography can prevent a man in the middle to read a conversation.
Put down that chair!
A great humanitarian and the best friend the Jessie Bakers have.
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
Wait till we get home.
The relief on her face showed that she understood.
"Lucy's a newspaper woman."
"I'd like to do that."
Programmers like to write code; not words.
Whimsy is a difficult thing to capture.
There is a counter on the top left of the web page.
"Haven't you got any feeling?"
In biology we study plants and animals in their natural environment.
That party was amazing.
You can create bookmarks in you web browser to make browsing more convenient.
No sense in going up there!
After the accident, his bicycle had to be repaired.
She wrote the stuff.
"You'll see a lot of strange things from now on."
"I can't stand the sight of blood."
There was no other baggage.
"Didn't you hear him?"
"Being murdered in cold blood isn't nonsense."
The richest man in town!
Help my son Megan tonight.
They should leave immediately.
He felt a pang of loneliness and tried to ignore it.
It was our money and we want it back.
The phone call got interrupted due to unknown reasons.
The griffin is a legendary creature.
"You can't take that desk out."
"Crooks don't pay taxes."
What are you afraid of Melissa?
"It's because you were not born."
I would appreciate if you could create a concise table.
What should we give him?
About how wealthy would you say?
It’s just a few blocks to the North.
Think about what you would like to improve in your custom version.
"It was the second or third time they'd tried."
How did you find out?
How do you know my name?
"When she called her friend for help with her computer, she repeatedly emphasized, that she hadn't done anything."
It always helps to be learning something new and exciting.
"I'm on the job!"
Now you are talking about beer!
"What's wrong with that?"
It almost retained its shape.
Heading out to table tennis and I won’t be able to make your talk.
"I don't believe it."
"Aren't we godlike?"
The electrician looked puzzled.
"Why'd you want to save me?"
Have you got that money?
What do you think, do they prefer it cold or hot?
Laser tag is a game quite similar to paintball.
"I'm not doing it for you!"
Like when you go into a drugstore.
Pull the hook to toggle the jukebox.
It goes on the calendar for next week.
She has chipped a fingernail.
He took his plate, grabbed a knife and fork and scowled at the savagery on television.
Whom would I see regarding the return of stolen Government money?
Come on in the office here.
March was windy and dark.
"Jennifer is making the nine o'clock train."
Look what the Chronicle is running on Laura Ben.
The lift was operated by a pneumatic system.
Then it was the radio.
Canada is quite cold at times.
There are so many things to learn.
But she is gone.
The plastic carrier bag had torn.
"In a weeks time, we're going to America."
The chair had leather upholstery.
Nobody said it would be easy.
The whole army of them!
Neutralize all the enemies behind the barricades with your taser.
The line forms on the right.
I generally like jazz, but this record is oversteered – thanks loudness war!
I would put it up there!
To be fully funded, some lending must occur.
If you pull that the whole stack will fall.
The charcoal burned away to white ash.
And he gave you that five dollar raise.
I can only repeat myself that this was not the plan.
"If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on."
Compared to other countries in the world, Japan has a very low birth rate.
The greatest yarn ever written by anybody.
"If Bill had died in bed we wouldn't even have him."
And it goes for you too!
You were going to go out and conquer the world!
About three hundred thousand.
To read more about my story, check out my first post, Adventures in Hands-Free Coding.
Let him have everything he wants.
The water was crystal clear.
Many programming languages are named after real people.
"that's all Mark ever talks about."
A bunch of us are going berry picking tomorrow.
"I've always looked on Bessie as my own sister."
The LED monitor was cracked quite badly.
"What's he doing here?"
Now look what you did.
But play the Star Spangled Banner.
You two fellas sit in here.
Everyone toasted the bride and groom.
"He's trying to trick you again."
"Why didn't you ask Neal about it?"
Aesthetically speaking, it was ugly.
"I'm doing everything humanly possible."
"They'll be here any minute!"
The weather in Finland sucks.
"You weren't here to build them."
Just drop a module into your MacroSystem directory, turn your microphone off and on, and it will attempt to load it.
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
"I'll call the police."
"It's up to you."
And now an Amanda Derek Convention!
As fast as I can!
When talking to someone who has just started to learn the language, it’s good to speak slowly and clearly.
It belongs to me now.
"Then why do you suppose he hasn't at least called up?"
Yes, it’s disorganized but it will still happen.
If I send him to his Dad’s he won’t get bathed for a week.
You all know me!
This is Keith Miller.
I burned the omelette.
You have no car.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
I feel fine now.
"I can't think of any enemies I have."
"I'll make such a mess of things without you."
"I'd like to live in it."
"The egg's shell is hard and brittle, while the interior is sticky on the fingers."
A little present from old man.
Get this car out of here!
Wait until it happens to you sometime.
After his massive abuse of alcohol he started therapy.
"Both of these support the extensions you'll need, so it is really a matter of personal preference."
"I'm going to put her through college."
Get the Bulletin Board!
I never stole a watch in my life.
"Make sure you've read my introductory post on voice coding, since we will be building upon that."
"You've got something on your mind."
Her eye twitched uncontrollably.
We cannot forget that farce.
The proportions were all wrong.
We will have to run if we want to catch that bus.
"But this'll teach them a lesson."
You killed all three of them for nothing.
I got it all ready.
They drank their milk and fell asleep.
The downside of this approach is that you will have to remember to pause between commands of these two different classes.
Smiling is just part of living a fulfilled life.
"You're not asking a favor of him."
"I've got a good lawyer."
"Nothing's the matter with me."
She had pneumonia once.
This is unfair.
"We've certainly been in some sweet jams."
Chickens are adorable.
Paracetamol should get rid of that pain.
Our group played guitars while the others randomly hit resonant objects.
And so do you.
"I'm proud of it!"
"I told you I can't use your column any more."
Maybe I could sell tickets.
The man preferred basil over parsley.
Her manipulation failed.
I found it out a little late.
There is a social facility on the other side of the road.
And find out where the nearest telegraph office is.
Who could have predicted that?
"There ain't any more."
Can you give me one good reason why I should?
If only we could see it.
"Only Chris couldn't wait quite as long as the others."
Is that any good?
Hash tables can access their elements in constant time.
This parking space is for customers only.
I used to pitch.
"Moreover, I won't be needed for the next two days."
Never mind what desk!
What difference does that make?
I have a bad feeling about this!
You may kiss my hand.
"Since I've gotten a dog, the regular visits of the fox have stopped."
If that guy lays an egg.
"This one's dedicated to the ghetto where I come from."
The moment you find yourself spelling out a word, stop right away and add this word to the Vocabulary Editor.
Separation of garbage makes recycling possible.
Tell her I elected her and I can have her impeached!
Now go upstairs and see what little Christina wants.
"I'm going to take over a lot of plates and things."
"That's about the best description I know."
About one in twenty.
The Scottish parliament contains politicians.
The cobalt mine has been abandoned decades ago.
The Martinis cross themselves.
She walked across the street wearing stereo headphones and staring at her smartphone.
Denise hoovered the rug.
"The teller didn't have enough change."
"I'm afraid you're blocking my view."
How much is your equity in it?
It rattled menacingly.
I thought she was dead.
I—I was terribly worried.
"She's good enough for me!"
Who let the cats out?
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
"We've existed since time began."
Tell them to hold the wire.
Artisanal gin bar, seriously?!
Phone the newspapers.
The letter said that the payment was delayed.
The Google search bar is for searching, not for typing URLs!
Mother is coming with us on the train.
"Are you going to go to Julia's?"
Mind if I sit down?
The pie is a lie.
Then I suggest you call one of them.
Go on out and get rid of it.
It was hard for him to eat less because the food was so good.
"He's probably trying the gate!"
"What do you mean she can't get away?"
Remember, remember, the fifth of November!
Do you know what I mean?
He learned swimming in school.
"Do you mean the speech you're writing?"
Who do you want?
what is the forecast for freezing weather here
"At least we've finally got something we can celebrate."
Who are these people?
"When I tried it about a year ago it didn't work nearly as well as using it on my local machine."
They have searched it thoroughly.
You can get around very easily by train — which is a very relaxing and affordable way to travel.
I can see that right now.
What do they look like?
"Entering this area is forbidden without stroking the owner's cat first."
"But it just so happens I've got a picture of her."
No sense messing up the streets.
The shirt off my back.
Look on the third shelf back of the eye wash.
Want to know what it is?
Why does a plant turn towards the sun?
"What's this, the end of the eighth?"
"And I'll sign a paper."
She saved the lives of every man on that transport.
I see what you mean.
You did a swell job!
The old lady took her napkin to wipe the drool.
Stanley felt exhilarated.
The ivy climbed up the building and wrapped itself around the chimney.
Her old man was Doc Mitchell.
I’ll join you in a minute after I lock my bike.
"You've got to do something!"
Luckily there was a zebra crossing.
"Let's dance."
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
"What's all this mess?"
The cinema was abandoned.
The ranger took his rifle and went into the forest to shoot the bear.
The priest collapsed backwards.
Of course it is!
You get yourself an education.
The solar eclipse cast us all in shadow.
I could have helped her.
Now, I’m scared of what is inside of pies.
Considering the growth of human population, insects might be the food of the future.
"I often wish you weren't such a stinker."
Keep trying hard.
Hundreds of yelling people are swarming into the park like locusts!
I can see April coming.
"What'll it take till the bank reopens?"
A kick in the butt is a step forward.
"That's not so bad."
"I can't find it anywhere."
The rocking motion was nauseating.
Take your paws off me!
There are a lot of seats over there.
"Something happens here you'll have to remember later on."
What do you mean by that?
"But don't you think he's just beautiful?"
"She's sitting there on a pillow, wearing only pants and bra."
He was squatting in a corner doing yoga.
Adam is a crook.
"""This can't be stressed enough: I am innocent!"", he cried desperately."
"You've resented me from the first moment you saw me!"
Owls are always intellectual in fairy-tales.
The complimentary refreshments were satisfactory.
"They just won't let anybody talk politics to them."
What do you know about this.
The five French tourists stepped over the excited bulldogs.
"I haven't won my wings yet."
Sara can you read me?
And about you too!
You know where I can get it?
Wait for the signal!
Are you going to let her out?
In my fantasy I can guarantee harmony for all eternity.
Save you sister a piece, or she will be mad.
I knew you would come.
Where do you come from?
"That can't be true."
I gave you fifty just the other day.
"You'll never get it out of me!"
Get a suite at the Imperial and hire some bodyguards.
You must mean two other trees.
Why do people have really good ideas in the shower?
This is great for sandboxed web testing.
"And we'll be at Larissa's Bar up the street."
Beat it out and get hold of some guys.
And there you were in bed.
"I'm terribly sorry she isn't here."
Putting a pool under this floor was a great idea.
We subdivide the domain space using an octree.
The lumberjack jumped up the tree.
"What's from the Governor?"
"I can't let you have my plane."
We ignore the other parents who don’t speak French.
"I'm sure this gate was locked the last time I checked."
"Still after that first million before you're thirty."
Really, what does it say?
"Are you really Fred's brother?"
The laundry is right next to the thrift shop.
"What's so depressing about that?"
She was reminded of her mistakes.
Curly brackets are hard to type.
Was it my fault?
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
"I don't know about war."
How many times are you gonna call me?
Mayonnaise is made from eggs, oil, vinegar and mustard.
You can get the source code and binary distribution of the wrapper from my github repository.
That was a little girl named Mary Hatch.
The place is so full of cockroaches.
It doesn’t count as screen time if it is a game.
These families have children.
The S.W.A.T. entry team used an optical wand to observe the proceedings behind the door.
She improved her list every day.
She composed an emotional song in her bedroom.
You know very well why.
I came out of it without a scratch.
Only one third of the rubbish is being recycled in this country.
"He's talking like a child."
After writing a bug report, one should regularly check if someone responded.
Too much food is being wasted.
The library is open to everyone.
The lightbulbs need changing again.
Should be drinking milk.
She learned how to play the piano in a music school.
"But don't let that out of your sight."
"There's a place to sit down."
"I still can't understand it though."
Fortunately, you can configure Chrome to set up a debugging server.
I decided to give it another try, using the Dragonfly library that Tavis recommended.
"She doesn't know it yet."
what about this job?
A stone flounder is the textbook definition of effective camouflage.
Our generator has been disrupted by ultra high frequency waves.
"They're going to believe that one."
"He's deposited Ten Dollars."
Selenium WebDriver provides a powerful but simple API to control webpages.
Just as a rule of thumb.
Marty helped capture the Remagen Bridge.
"They say it's a fake!"
Do you have anything to eat?
I need to buy a new phone.
"No matter what happens, it's a nice vote of confidence you're getting from your boss."
Without questioning he said what the screen of his computer dictated to him.
Despair is something that haunts us at night.
Caesar salad does not belong on a pizza even if it is vegan.
Reading between the lines requires understanding.
"I thought tonight I'd put Miss Kelly there."
Ten minutes ago I had a job.
"He's on my phone."
In his youth my dad was a hooligan.
"You'll have to wake him up."
Take that can from the shelter and spray some graffiti.
Oh yes you do!
The usage of high information content is meaningless.
What would you do with a gun in your back?
"They say at Patti's house he left two hours ago."
Fresh coffee is much better than the freeze dried stuff.
"That's all you are."
What is the benefit of the method in terms of identification accuracy?
It sounded as if you said no charge.
"You haven't got your wings yet."
Mohammed is a wonderful guitar player.
"I'm just a fool."
For crying out loud!
"And I'm going to insist on his being produced for questioning."
"What's for dinner tonight?"
Most of my friends have already finished college.
You got to help us.
Garlic can be used to fight vampires.
Can you hear me?
This makes the remote Ubuntu windows look like native Windows applications, each with a named pinnable taskbar button.
Do you like it?
Do you like her?
You like every boy.
Have you ever been to Nigeria?
Good playgrounds have much more to offer than swings and slides.
The airdrop of the atomic bomb in Hiroshima had devastating implications.
Where do you come off calling me Nick?
Maybe we ought to go join her at the party.
I could have drawn this picture!
It would be very useful if my web browser could synchronize all of its preferences, not just some.
"But you've got to leave me alone."
What are you doing in here?
The car engine has seized.
"I've got to see Nicole right away!"
The Internet should put the power in the hands of the many
Mister Kristen has something to say to us.
It was Linda Keller!
There are only eight flags up there now.
You will get donuts as a bonus if you take a selfie with me.
Do you know what?
"We'll make a mystery out of him."
You are super talented and should submit right away.
He hunched his back and plodded through the heavy rain.
"She spun towards John and shouted, ""Look Out!"""
"I don't want any maybe."
"Who says I'm looking for a job?"
Those trainers look perfect in that colorway!
The newspapers demanded democracy.
"It's a direct line to both my office and my apartment."
I never saw it before.
Just get me home.
"Can't you see what it means to my family?"
I happen to know Conway was married only three months ago.
Viral marketing is a buzzword used frequently by economists.
My lady could not express her disapproval.
The presented method can be applied to more realistic scenarios with a fixed camera.
"They're on their way."
New spinner movement a racket!
After the long night, I am happy to see that my phone still has a charge.
"How'd you get in here?"
So you got married?
"Personally, I prefer to use relative line numbers such as ""up ten"" or ""down five""."
Can bring me some muffins?
I suppose I could.
"I won't shut up!"
"I've always wanted to do this!"
Her height helped her with her fighting.
Don’t ever leave your hammer on the top of the ladder, I said.
Without the dataset, the article would be meaningless.
"I'm going to build skyscrapers a hundred stories high."
Underneath the ground was a world unknown to any human.
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
Yeah, it’s definitely worth checking out, especially if the pay is reasonable and the work is good for your career. There was absolutely no reason for her to announce it to the entire company.
"I'm a sucker for this country."
"All the words you've got."
Say something else.
"The trouble with using this for all onscreen movement is that recognition accuracy isn't always perfect."
"I'm a lot closer to being able to do a pull-up than I realized."
Easy, just use any decent text editor.
Does she have the money?
Goats always have a better view.
In the meantime, I use a few different approaches.
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
Fortunately, there are lots of ways to work around this limitation and use it with whatever operating system you want.
Just tell them Marge sent you.
Let me out of here!
Give me my robe!
Watch out, this is a bottomless abyss!
How about a little service?
"What's in that desk?"
We want to disperse the core from the hull.
Can you do your stuff?
She put the amplifier on mute until they calmed down.
Proteins have many functions in the human body.
How often do you go through this little ritual?
"Note that the ""Show all"" button is helpful for expanding ellipses in commands."
She accused an ex-convict of stalking and sexual assault.
And then he would ask us to go back to our easels and replicate all the techniques in one go.
A hundred nuns stampeded the Vatican.
We want to see you.
"The letter ain't worth nothing."
You can get them for me!
Let me touch you!
The biggest living thing is a mushroom.
"Where's your coat and hat?"
It must be some kind of a gag.
She retracted her statement.
I would not recommend publishing the article without the dataset.
Mosquitoes are annoying in the summer and can even transmit illnesses.
"I've got to talk to you straight from the shoulder."
She told them to kidnap me.
You know where she lives?
"Thank God you're there!"
What is it about?
The Internet should reflect all of the people who use it
"Everything'll be taken care of!"
I was so dissapointed.
The nurse waddled around the ward.
But can we trust him?
"I'll have it in a minute."
"Look where you're going!"
The human brain is still not fully understood.
"There isn't any more wine."
And so do I!
Surveillance does not always bring security.
People should spend time on improving open-source projects instead of helping market dominating companies.
Can I come in?
My cat laid there, soaking up the sunlight.
Wait till those two future jailbirds read the Morning Post tomorrow.
"I don't think I follow you."
"Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons."
I should say not.
The references were thick and impenetrable.
The accommodation was affordable and cosy.
"I'm getting married tomorrow."
"We couldn't find the high street."
ANN is very much interested.
Better to get half than nothing.
When the judge spoke the death sentence, the defendant showed no emotion.
"Your account's still here."
About six months ago, I decided it was time to start using my voice environment at work.
He enjoyed the water in his cup.
"It's common to run into problems, so read the instructions carefully."
The review of related methods is simple to understand and informative.
Parents should look out for correct grammar and pronunciation when speaking to their children.
Running was futile because they were so small.
Fifty cents on the dollar!
"I think you're crazy."
I just came in to get warm.
Did you get the Mayor?
I was just going to!
Water boarding is a terrible form of torture.
Of course there is!
Our deadline is coming up rapidly and we will need help.
The authors claim to specifically address variations due to geometric transformations in the acquired images.
"They can't even find him."
"It's past your bedtime."
This solution also works well if you want to install a Linux distro on Windows via virtualization.
"That's what makes it romantic."
"I've got to see him."
"He'll drive you batty!"
The rebel pimped his lowrider with hydraulics.
"Maybe they're like me."
"The funny thing about the horizon is that you can't reach it."
It sort of makes a fellow lose faith in himself.
Bravery is the ability to overcome fear.
"Don't try to move."
Thomas went to war!
"Sadly, it's only available for Windows, so you'll have to do Linux development using a virtual machine or remote access."
How do you think?
I phoned but nobody answered.
Her life is a series of plot twists.
My shampoo is made from coconut and sweet almond.
"I had to act quickly, that's why I jumped in."
This means that relative motion commands that move by a symbol or word often work well unless the line is long.
"Grandpa hasn't called me for days."
What am I going to do?
Can you think of anything better?
"I'm sure she'll be all right."
"You're probably weak from hunger."
What are they wearing now?
What are you doing there?
"If you don't know any alternative search engines, just google them."
How did Peter Lovelace get that gun?
The Linux version of Chrome binds these shortcuts by default, but not the Windows version.
"There's the door right there."
The money is unimportant.
"Two caribous in a queue, they didn't have a clue, that I was using their flue, to write a poem for you."
"I'm not hungry, I'm starving."
The airplane calmly soared through the clouds.
Should I learn to sing?
My chemist told me to take these tablets before eating.
"I don't know why we don't all have pneumonia."
It’s important that everyone, especially little guys, can participate in the future of the Internet
Work for somebody else.
Must have been a pretty good pitcher.
"We've got to walk up to the tower."
It would help the reader to understand your method better.
Not that I was listening, but I noticed that you sounded really stressed when you were explaining the situation to him.
This recording is corrupted.
"But I'm so awkward at parties."
This peach tart is tasty.
These headphones play music very clearly in my ears.
I imagine this will be a surprise to some people.
He bought some tinfoil to build a hat.
"I'm going out with her toning."
I like gentle people.
"They're desperate and will do anything for a cup of coffee."
The mountain rescue team gave up its work.
"I'm gonna build air fields."
"I'm afraid I might have soiled the couch a little with my shoes Eddie Murphy."
I use the mark ring in Emacs to jump to previous locations.
"I wish you'd let me help you."
As quick as that?
"And shouldn't they be garnished?"
"I ain't gonna squeal!"
I feel grateful for the time that we have spend together.
"Isn't a word of truth in it!"
I can help him!
"How do you know she didn't?"
"Do you know what's wrong with you?"
"Eighteen of us couldn't move the van."
What are you talking about?
So, you made this delicious meal for her?
My initial assumption about the phase displaced pulse was wrong.
I feel quite ambivalent about the article.
I find the other argument dubious.
Let them take me.
This post will teach you how to get started.
"She couldn't decide whether to take a shower or to have a bath."
"Aren't you going to tell me?"
"What's that got to do with it?"
Grime, rust and residual particles polluted the air.
Then why are you doing it?
How about that one there?
"Didn't Charles have any friends?"
Coach has heard all about you.
"I can't please everybody."
Just like an organ.
The global positioning system works with triangulation.
Tomorrow is another day.
Boris the lion cried like a donkey.
The hydrogen gas escaped.
And you can quote me on that.
She spent almost all night finishing her thesis.
I bet you forgot the wine!
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
I do the best I can to help.
"Maybe we'd better call Herman."
"""Amira, congratulations on graduating summa cum laude."""
I wish it were as simple as that.
"If he were fed on time he wouldn't cry."
Happy New Year to you all!
But you want to know something?
Mr. Nelson come yet?
"He's on the way."
"What do you think you're doing holding up traffic?"
"But that brings me to Mozilla's more recent announcement: Project Common Voice."
Within the constraints of her mind, there was no going back.
Now it turns out you were only interested in the money.
Of course, this usually requires access to the application source code (or at least an extension).
The buttons made a strange clicking sound when pressed.
I never knew grandma to be so determined before.
I was sent down here to clean house.
Anything I can do back here?
Doing a handstand needs a lot of practice to learn.
I got the faculty all up out of bed.
"Nobody's trying to put anything over on you."
I dreamt I was your father.
The log file reveals that nobody ever read the end user license agreement during installation.
Somebody cut us off!
"Isn't the party also to announce his engagement to Joanna?"
"Listen, don't believe what he says."
Her glasses fogged up as the winter air rolled in through the valley.
I feel sick, what should I do?
On warm days and when doing sports you should drink more.
Sure, see you there!
I encourage everyone to contribute their voice to Project Common Voice.
He slipped on the stairs.
Our latest hi-tech submarine is powered by hydrogen.
"That's the best part of it."
"I'm smoking too much."
This makes me feel funny.
"We've been fed baloney so long we're getting used to it."
"Something terribly important's happened."
"They'll never close us up today!"
She never trusted me!
Who locked the door?
Who do you think writes them?
Find me the East Asia Image Collection movie.
The extension tends to cause pages to hang, and it requires that you speak the link you want to click on.
Heehaw and Merry Christmas.
Just like the old days.
She said durable not novel when it comes to chairs.
How do you expect me to get any work done?
Drawing from my own experience as a learner of English and German, I value engaging activities that involve everyday conversation.
He put it in his back pocket.
"He's watching the other door."
What did you come here for?
My calendar was full that month.
What do you make of him?
To save fuel, the Ariane rocket has been launched not far from the equator.
"I'm in a drugstore."
He expertly gutted the rabbit.
In the short term future, prices will triple.
"Some people like sea gulls, others don't."
Then connect to localhost within Windows.
I like Cyndi Wayne.
Get some water quickly!
The fort was a secure structure.
"You're the hope of the world!"
Could have been on my way to old Doc Brown!
Are you gonna throw a rock?
Let me formulate a response to that question.
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
I want you to listen closely!
"I don't think he was any faker, not with that face."
We need to solve this problem fast.
What he did was definitively illegal.
It is used primarily for automated testing, but it will work perfectly for our needs, with a few tweaks.
Saved us another building.
The bakery was next to the slaughterhouse.
"Her father's awful worried about her."
"But that's the jail!"
Do you read me?
"There isn't even a single reason for me to go to the lake today."
"You don't think I'm gonna tell!"
"Don't worry, I took a cab to get home safely."
The art festival was a disaster.
"To begin with, you'll want to decide between Firefox and Chrome."
"It'd be too late."
"I'll kill both of them!"
"She didn't have one."
She wants to talk to Uncle Francis.
I can see the billboards now.
A genuine loving cup.
The rule has been long and prosperous.
The Christian bible has seen many changes throughout history.
"I can't quite hear you."
Get the Governor on the phone!
The speech will continue.
"I think it's plenty terrific!"
Her greatest dream is to unravel the mysteries of nature as a physicist.
We heard a lot of yelling.
The package has been flagged as outdated.
The pixel probabilities are conditioned on the model state.
Until my wing went bad.
Merry Christmas my dears.
"Since it's been repaired, the car hasn't shown the issue any more."
"I've seen guys like you go under before."
She went to the pharmacy to get her pills.
The combination of trumpets, violins and a drum set is quite unusual.
One of them reminded me of her, so I messaged the artist and bought it for her.
Select between line X and line Y.
What does snow smell like?
Which one of these men is it?
"I'd better hustle him up!"
You want the moon?
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
She went looking for you with Uncle Greg.
Where does she get that stuff?
It picks up on the mike!
What do you want me to do?
"She'll see us through dinner."
For your first installation, I highly recommend using their prepackaged version of Python to avoid trouble.
He found the toilet occupied.
The fire alarm went off again, but when I looked outside, there was no one there.
The tin was made from aluminium.
Nobody knows where she got it.
Between roast beef and potatoes how can we lose?
Never ever have a boxing match with Ali!
The families will be here soon.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Both elephants and monkeys have a capable memory.
Makes about five thousand a year.
Just highlighting that fact in case you overlooked it.
Is that job still open?
The seventeen-year-old girl gently pushed his hand away as he touched her belly.
Somebody would have seen it.
You keep out of this.
At this hour of the morning?
All you have to remember is to be sincere.
"He's looking for you."
We need to hurry.
The article in the current state is not good enough for publication.
Image registration could be easily incorporated into low-power embedded devices.
"We're a couple of financial wizards."
And who accused him?
"You've played it over and over again."
Aldo and his grandma quickly discovered a new passion for coding.
she decided against it.
To measure the performance accurately we need a benchmark.
"Were you paid for it or weren't you?"
"It's critical to keep traction on the asphalt."
Less pressure is needed when playing your clarinet.
I wish I was up there with them.
"I'm dying for what I believe."
"Why didn't you say something?"
In a cinematic rope-down maneuver, the special forces overwhelmed the criminals.
"I've suddenly become quite important."
"Don't say those things!"
He was so all alone!
Patrick has terminal cancer.
And did you put the envelope in your pocket?
"What's the matter with you boys?"
What do you want?
The sun was very hot this summer.
"She's the best parkour runner I know."
His name is Welch.
"You're here rather early."
Is that what you want me to tell Vincent?
"Don't point the gun at me."
Want me to hang paintings at their convenience.
Margarine is just butter with an inferiority complex.
"I know you're anxious to make a train."
We rejoiced at the citadel.
"This specific approach won't bear any fruit."
Wait just a minute now.
The Chinese built a monorail train that floats on a magnetic field.
We need to talk.
"That's what I mean."
The cursor blinked, expectantly.
There are four different sorts of fuel at this gas station.
"I've got the party here."
The reader does not need to know how it is actually computed.
The principal recruited various graduates by offering high rewards.
This is my last chance.
"All the lawyers in the world aren't going to help you!"
The child soaked up information like a sponge.
Before reading this post, please familiarize yourself with my getting started guide and how to move around a file quickly.
Hannelore is an old German name.
But who asked him?
"I won't leave you."
Diabetics should always keep a syringe of insulin handy.
"I couldn't work in the city."
"I haven't been able to shake him since."
"Finally I didn't have to feel guilty for using my computer on weekends."
"I guess you must think I'm kinda batty."
I have never seen this approach to this issue, but it might work.
How about once more around the park?
"Who's this gal she's gonna marry?"
The method does not have to be the best.
She retired to a big comfy couch in the corner of the hall.
"Don't you know there are nine jobs waiting for this guy?"
Policemen are investigating in this case.
"Let's postpone the maiden trip."
The picnic was ruined by a marching band.
Look around some time.
You certainly delivered the goods.
Spotted dick is a classic British pudding.
"We're an extension of the wartime marines."
Her records were incomplete.
She got a drawing pad and began dedicating a few days a week to sketching her surroundings.
He washed the detritus from his hair.
Do you know Leslie Williams?
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
In the discotheque, the DJ played progressive house music and trance.
You mean spies and things like that?
All I know is this should be there.
Only a minority of literature is written this way.
We beat the whole country on that story.
Doughnuts are best with strawberry sprinkles and coffee.
I often use a voice command to move the mouse based on my gaze point, then use my foot to click.
A famous company from Sweden sells furniture in many countries of the world.
"He's home cooking dinner."
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
Wilma’s gone cat sitting again for the weekend if you want to come over.
Use the following simple patterns: flat grammars, one grammar per file, one file per application.
"The failed acquisition has sparkled doubts on whether the company's leadership is competent."
"It's just exactly what I wanted."
Do you tell lies?
"There's the professor now."
"If you just read the code, you'll miss out on why I made certain decisions."
He dabbled in painting, drawing, and photography before finding his true passion.
A hands-free coding environment has a lot of moving parts, which can be overwhelming at first.
This banana tastes like cherries.
I finally purchased a private jet.
And we had a bite.
The police finally manage to get him out of the park!
"Experts of geology agree: Yesterday's tsunami was just a herald of the imminent apocalypse."
Pedro hugged his teddy as hard as he could.
"It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?"
"You know what we're going to do?"
You go along and have a good time.
Get me a rewrite woman.
"Note that it does have built-in support for web browsing, although I find it doesn't work very well."
Then came a war.
"Here's a joke I like."
"There's a lot more you can do with a tighter integration with the eye tracking API."
The toilet needed cleaning.
He said to float away to Happy Land on the bubbles.
Many of the reviews in this app-store are faked by bots to manipulate the ranking.
Naturally we have to do something about it.
Can we talk tomorrow?
"But I'll make you and Maria a business proposition."
An unknown perpetrator threatened two men from Syria with a pistol.
Brad has asked me out.
What a time to be alive.
Are you a real cowboy?
This sentence was specifically made for you.
Get out of here.
Get me Sophia back.
What have you got to report?
"As he couldn't prove his innocence, he was brought to the detention zone, as if guilty."
I never knew he had a diary.
The ladder of the fire truck was not long enough.
Football is often confused with soccer.
"By tomorrow they'll be calling me Bruce Baldwin."
I always have both.
"Opposing counsel wouldn't consent."
"Didn't I tell you never to come panhandling around here?"
Parachuting is dangerous.
Can you get in this desk?
Do you want to get us scooped?
We returned to the cemetery.
Just thirty short days.
The shop is closed on mondays.
The president heroically fought against such savagery.
The Criminal Courts Building.
"We've got to get to them!"
"Chickens lay so many eggs a week, it wouldn't be possible to breed them all."
At the end of my very first shift, I was paid in cash for the day’s work.
"And that's my farewell to the newspaper game."
His expression reminded me of a horse chewing hay.
The cushion was soft and inviting.
"I would if I thought I'd hear anything worth listening to."
And she stood there mortified.
"You're the biggest person in town!"
The ceiling collapsed inwards.
You know you did.
"Where'd you get that belt?"
You ought to know that.
"I'm the stranger around here."
"Don't tell me you didn't know it was loaded."
That covers the basics.
Riding a bicycle over rocky roads is difficult.
"That's big of you."
You go on and practice.
How can you have any happiness after that?
The garden is older than the house in fact.
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
"Monday morning at five o'clock."
Eric took his vitamins and continued his exercise regime.
Caught it coming home from school.
Developer Tools are way more important than you think.
"We've got her located."
Roger, the backup team is on the way.
"We've been laughing all day about that."
"I'm not afraid of anything."
"It's as much my fault as yours."
The teenagers put on red hoodies for their annual toboggan run.
Never mind the money.
Who asked you to get stuck with any of them?
And a million and one other things.
"Don't you dare to be civil with me!"
Where did he keep his money?
Use the export command to set environment variables.
Will you do that for me?
Try to fix that fissure with glue.
We run smack into a police patrol.
This is from the Governor.
It was just ripe enough to eat.
Now where was that hat?
"There's no time like the present."
What would you say about that?
"And I guarantee that they'll graduate with highest honors!"
The clock of the town center took damage from a lightening strike.
In a couple of minutes.
"You're right when you say my father was no business man."
What are you doing here?
The Italian got her words mixed up.
"Now the moon's out."
"Don't you push me around like that!"
"I've got indigestion."
Just use the phone.
"He's simple and she's wise."
"When you're at a party and somebody says ""banana bread"", a sniper might be near you."
Is she coming back here?
"It's a pity most people do not know what gearshifts are good for."
If you are using Firefox, try out this sample module.
You can stand just so much.
"They wouldn't take it."
In Europe many people are afraid of terrorism although getting killed in a car accident is much more likely.
She went backpacking around Europe with a friend from high school.
Tourism is an important economic factor for Italy.
"We can't leave Greg here."
We went to the zoo to see the zebras.
She told me to write a play for tonight.
"Everything's going to be all right."
"Maybe he'll give us one."
So you can kill me too?
What would you do?
Are you John Doe?
Perhaps she forgot all about it.
"If it's not working, check the messages window to see if there are any error messages."
Could you be any less specific?
I think we can do better after the boat sails.
"I'll bet it's a summons."
What are you doing on this fine day?
"In my wildest dream I hadn't thought that this would happen."
"You've been doing mighty good work lately."
"Do you know when you're really lonely?"
"Are you certain it's not a monster?"
"You don't know who did it."
I have the most beautiful voice you have ever heard.
Get me my check book.
"I'll have Ned write it up."
"I won't get my wings with that attitude."
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
Smoking is prohibited.
"They think I'm working with them."
The caterpillar responded with a nod.
"The manufacturer called this helicopter ""tiger""."
How do you stop this thing?
"It's not a lie."
"We want you to know that we're all for you."
You got someplace to sleep?
"You can do a lot just using your voice, but there are still a few times you'll find yourself reaching for a mouse."
"We'll stay right here and celebrate."
"What's so illogical about that?"
"Don't hurt my finger again."
"I'm going to go for a jog."
I should thank you.
Never give up.
This man claims he was kidnapped.
Whom are you calling now?
Always save your code as plain text.
"He means that he can't really tell you the truth for PR reasons."
Criminals cry for it.
You get somebody else to wash the diapers.
In a little while.
Our eyes don‘t grow, but our ears and nose grow forever.
You can find it here, or linked from the navigation sidebar on every page.
Mrs. Jason is on the phone.
Walk in the grass in my bare feet?
Work has been rough in the last few months because of a major project launch.
Let us in on it.
"We're all excited around here."
What was all that?
They were kissing in the backyard.
Are you going to believe every lie he tells you?
The text does not discuss the meaning and effect of the weights.
"Aren't you allowed to kiss back?"
Have her call me back!
"But here's the funniest part of it all."
I notice you still remember it.
"But they're somebody's children."
What did you do with her?
About time one of you lunkheads said it.
What more do you want?
"Something's happened to everybody."
Extract the relevant data and see if it matches our statistics.
What did your family have to say about it?
Mozzarella is a creamy cheese that goes well with tomato and basil.
"What's its value today?"
His death is registered with the War Department in Washington.
Hold your nose to keep the smell from disabling your motor functions.
"You're just like Father used to be."
Now what are you going to do?
Why should I be in any danger?
"""I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior"", the psychologist said in a professional tone."
"It's not cheap, but it matters a lot."
The high humidity is making me sweat.
"I'm trying to think of something before those reporters get back."
Tell them Mrs. Craig is here.
She will go down in history as the greatest brain surgeon in the world.
Never mind the European war!
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
What is my function?
This looks amazing!
How about some of that good spaghetti?
Ten minutes for what?
The Tropic of Capricorn is on the Southern Hemisphere of the earth.
No mercy for cop killers!
A frightening concept occured to Jennifer.
A man down on earth needs our help.
"We'll lower it out of the window with pulleys."
There must be somebody there!
The grass was peppered with daisies.
We never lost a match against them.
The tribe was almost eradicated.
The train came thirteen minutes late.
So usually a keypress instead of a click is used.
"""Full steam ahead,"" said the captain."
"They'll take care of it."
Next, we have to jump to a particular column.
"You've got the money."
The snake jetted venom.
Is Sheriff Helen in there?
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
The shining gem was exhilarating to behold as it sparkled.
Can I at least keep the onion soup?
If I know where she is.
Be less complicated without a family.
How much is it worth?
"But it's just something I forgot to pack."
Look how flexible these athletes are!
Did you hear what I said?
It supports three different styles of overlays, although I prefer the circles.
I guess you forgot something.
Lemme have the Desk.
"Then who's this one?"
"Isn't it a little crowded?"
I was hungry, so I bought a pizza.
"For a site titled Hands-Free Coding, I haven't written much about How To Actually Write The Code."
"Isn't it just beautiful?"
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
My freezer contains enough for a banquet.
"Wasn't that a swell story we gave you?"
"It's late in the evening, a perfect time for coffee."
"To be an efficient hands-free coder, you'll need to learn how to move the cursor around a file quickly."
"Whenever I fall asleep, I don't dream."
There is no letter.
The alarm clock was set for twenty past three.
One key is for encryption, the other one for decryption.
Hope you enjoy it.
"It's just like any other day as far as I'm concerned."
My father fell in love with him.
Let her come to us.
Look at that face.
Are you in the book?
"I wish you wouldn't."
Yeah, I like that.
"Don't you know that girl's very sick?"
What do you need?
The fiery fox ran around the world.
"I wonder what's keeping mother?"
Come into my office!
"Jackson was glad that he'd wore Kevlar that morning."
A missing parrot is called a polygon.
They raised their glasses in the old bar.
The corruption ran deep.
"It's on the level."
I thought that was Peter Parker.
That florescent pink colour is hurting my eyes.
You see what I had to put up with?
"I'm going into business for myself."
"The doctor says it's nothing serious."
"I'm gonna get my arm fixed out of this."
The river babbled inanely to itself.
A group of dolphins came and protected us from the sharks.
We like to think all our cases are important.
"You'll weaken when you see that little Jezebel!"
This was never her home, but it would have to do for now.
The Canadian people are a little too humble.
"Let's make a night of it."
"Let's have a look at the standard deviation."
They have their eyes glued on his face.
Shame on you and get off my front porch!
It’s important to keep an open mind, and she has urged me to do the same.
Just beginning to get an idea what those things mean.
"I didn't want to marry anybody else in town."
He experienced the pictures with his fingers while he listened.
"I couldn't go through another day like this."
"I'm not Batman yet, but I think it's time I start to share what I've learned to help others do the same."
You will be Jane Doe.
The cistern was malfunctioning.
The birthday party was a surprise.
The display was underwhelming.
Did you know that Kevin Marcus is back from school?
What do you want to know?
"I don't trust anybody."
"I'll give you three minutes to tell me where she is."
How old are you?
I like ice-cream.
The frog had no chance to escape.
"You're the only one left."
Tires screeched as the cars raced around the corner.
"The workaround is surprisingly elaborate, but the good news is I've already done the heavy lifting."
The Pat Anthony Party.
"I don't care what happens to me."
"This technique doesn't work perfectly when multiple windows are open, but it works most of the time."
"Thousands of letters danced across the amateur author's screen."
"That's what I'm not supposed to say."
How do you think the table looks?
"That's why I was sent down here."
She cried for an hour.
One of my best reporters.
They had a lot to divulge.
Lindsey promised to call you from New York tonight.
Come on in here now.
"I never said I'd take it."
"You'll be the only one who'll swipe any of it."
You should only let perfectly spelled sentences through.
Let me comb your hair.
I jumped in to save Rachel.
How about that favor?
"He's nuts about you."
"You can't begin to spend all the money you've got."
How should I know?
Palm trees grow twice as big there.
It was due to her knowledge and experience that she solved the mystery first.
Everyone should have the right of education.
Did you tell them that funny story you told me yesterday?
"It's for Annabelle."
"It's less generic and harder to get up and running."
Flowers? Or another magazine subscription?
To my satisfaction, I have been mentioned in the credits for my proficiency.
You can speak a label to click on an element.
"I've got to decorate my tree."
Only you expected it to be like other marriages.
He and his family went up north to the Arctic Circle to meet Santa Claus in Finland.
"I'm talking about the Building and Loan."
Then where is your gun?
The list was frighteningly extensive.
"You'll get your money in sixty days."
How are you feeling?
The motorcycle made loud noise.
"I've already mailed a copy of this letter to Mrs. Louise."
And you married her.
Your favorite band has a female singer.
A registration process is required.
His seat was unstable.
"Why can't you get along with her?"
"Then use some other method for clicking or ""activating"" the item you're looking at."
"I'm not interested in your book."
"What's all this horseplay about?"
The trouble with you is you let people step on you!
It was almost as if her life had been deleted.
"Welcome to Dave's guitar session."
"That's an inherent disadvantage."
Is Daddy in trouble?
"What's she up to?"
Reading is not the same as understanding.
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
"Don't you know there's a war on?"
One that will write.
The panels lined the roofs of the suburban homes, generating the energy to power the future.
The car sped up so ludicrously fast that the passengers eyes began to water.
You tell the police department to pick up Eddie.
The USA and many other countries of the world have their independence day in July.
Mohamed plays often with the computer.
"It's a good face."
Have a hectic day?
I want to talk to you.
It sure looks good from here.
"You're sure you don't mind?"
What do you do when you work?
"But what's all this?"
Victoria does things in a much bigger way.
Any statement on the Red uprising tomorrow?
"But we've all got to get in there and play!"
You guys wanna play some more poker?
She finds the world has feet of clay.
"What's the good of arguing about something that probably doesn't exist?"
We therefore oppose the resolution.
"It's a commentary on what we laughingly call the civilized world."
She went over to the hospital to call on Professor Davis.
Do not do tomorrow what you could do today.
Where are you going?
"Why don't you shut up!"
"Don't let them get away!"
I wish I could remember the name of the cold milky saké served in a box.
It turns out this is easier than you might expect.
"The solution I've described is to use Windows as your host, and Linux as your guest."
This is the hardest part of my setup.
How would you like to get a ticket next week?
On his hands and knees!
"I'll phone them right away to get that story."
Someone set fire to the trash.
I like the way she talks.
HTML is not a programming language.
Catalysts make chemical reactions possible at low temperatures.
"We've got to do something!"
I have a problem with how you motivate the method.
"You've hinted it often enough."
It was a great relief
Who wrote that speech for you?
According to the calendar it was September.
"I'll find out everything."
"Some sites have keyboard shortcuts you can bind easily, but others don't."
I use it to track my personal to do list, which is full of everything from boring chores to exciting new things I want to try.
Which one is mine?
Robin had some sort of date with Tracy.
The medical industry saves lives.
The elevators are still running.
Pencils down, time is over.
I want to do something big and something important.
Bill decided that management should know about this incident.
Are you going to listen?
The brass lamp had been disturbed.
"I've got a weakness."
Her jaw was getting tired from chewing gum.
The rule is to not let any foreigners in.
Now give us sixty days on this.
"I'm leaving town tonight."
Bless you!
I know everything about you.
She desperately wolfed her food down.
"I'd love to see you try and convince them of that!"
My greatgrandfather planted this tree.
Only a few meters away there is a bus station.
This is a bit trickier because it is awkward to number every column in an editor.
As secretary you can hire anyone you like.
"The term ""just my two cents"" is about opinion, not about money."
"We're nearing the end of the beginning, and that feels great!"
Did you speak to Mr. Norton?
"Are you sure you're comfortable?"
Net neutrality is fundamental to free speech.
Gentlemen of the Press!
And get me a pen.
Because its growth hormone runs away from sunlight.
Make room for Mrs. Chelsea.
The sun is friendly right now, but it will turn on us and consume this planet.
Got anything new on the hanging?
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
"why don't we tear the building down?"
"That gives you an idea of what I'm up against."
What are you doing up here then?
"He wasn't as good as I was expecting."
I know this might sound really bad, but listening to this music just makes me want to go hide in the mountains.
I always have to sneeze after eating grapes.
Classification is, among other things, a discipline of machine learning.
Were they quick or were they enraged?
"Every file had the letter ""A"" printed on the front."
The volcano eruption itself was a catastrophe, but the ash is an excellent fertilizer.
Must have been a kid.
"He really doesn't look so bad."
"They don't believe us."
You can have as many babies as you like.
A directed graph consists of nodes and edges.
My impression after reading the article is that you are going to make the dataset public.
There are two challenges.
The carpet was exquisite.
His t-shirt was drenched in sweat.
It means my job!
Life is complicated.
The autumnal equinox fell squarely upon her birthday.
According to the sign, no parking today because of the movie shoot.
"That's exactly what I thought."
The scale model of the architects plans sat at the center of the conference room.
Go ahead and have your dinner.
"What's my name doing on it?"
Embedded scripts from external sources can harm the users privacy.
"Do you realize what you've done?"
"But try editing a file with several hundred lines, and you'll find that this is pretty clunky."
Would you mind seeing me to the door?
His speech ended in standing ovations.
How would you like to work for me?
He proposed a solution.
Have you got a ring?
The poor boy stood in the rain.
The traffic is terrible today.
Can I do something Cassie?
Golf stands for the letter G in the NATO phonetic alphabet.
"Out with Larry's deputies."
"We'll be down with the bags in a minute."
"That's some hat you got on there."
They opened the bottle of wine and drank heavily.
What a reception they got.
Now get right up on the seat there.
You should show that your method improves results.
"If it would save a woman's life."
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
The cottage burned down.
Weekends are always fun.
"But this doesn't translate well to voice control, which has too much latency."
"There's nothing more we can do tonight."
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
The paramedics took out the defibrillator to reanimate the motorcyclist.
It was a useful reminder to complete the task.
I don’t mind working from home most of the time, but I do miss having coworkers.
Could you give me a piece of bread please?
This sapling will once become a giant oak tree.
"Pretty nice neck you've got there."
Judge Tully is in.
Shots rang out across the firing range, all but one missing their targets.
It was just right.
They were inspired by that disaster to never let it happen again.
"One of the town's landmarks is the city-wall."
I want to spend Christmas in California with my family.
Oh no, my bunny broke out of its cage!
"Let's have your story."
"The letter's our only clue."
"We know what you're up to."
"It's the only one they had left."
She needs to get her transcripts and passport first.
The pile of pennies was larger than the fruit basket.
This moisturising cream is fantastic.
"What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?"
Calibration complete.
She was waiting for her response.
"He'll be ready on time."
How long is what?
"It's like a plague."
The deciding battle of the war has been fought in this valley.
We miss you and miss having a friend like you, and I am so happy that you two got to catch up.
We went rafting in Switzerland and alpine skiing in Austria this spring.
We owed everybody in town.
"How'd you happen to fall in?"
This is a ludicrous situation.
"But I haven't been able to do it."
A colleague of mine is from West Virginia.
"You mustn't let what she said bother you."
I left when the zoning changed and the real estate market has boomed.
How much do you want on it?
Break this crowd up!
Is it something somebody gave you?
Can you see what is beyond the golden birches ?
"The bank's going to reopen next week."
"You've never been born."
Access denied.
This log cabin is so quaint.
"Why don't you fellows get your own news?"
"I've got to go."
Use the factory pattern and an iterator to step through the array.
Image registration and invariant representations could both be done in a computationally very efficient way.
Can I help you pack?
"You mean you're not coming back to work here?"
Second, with a keyboard you can hold a movement key and release when you reach your location.
Some of our biggest clients are affected.
"Since then I haven't been able to get another one."
My boyfriend caught two huge fish yesterday evening.
"But that's what they gave me."
"I'll tell you something more."
"I swear it on my mother's grave."
"I will be meeting my brother's daughter to take the ferry to Vashon for a few days."
"What do you mean it's okay?"
I need some coffee.
"Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again."
In symmetric cryptography the same key is used for encryption and decryption.
"Let's go Hiking across France."
What boat you sailing on?
"These trousers don't fit very well."
Rising up late in the morning she gave a big stretch to start the day.
The discrete cosine transform is applied to blocks of eight by eight pixels.
"I'm getting Trevor ready!"
She sends for you.
I beg your pardon.
When did you deliver this first?
"Carol saved her brother's life that day."
"Give me some carrots and other vegetables, I'm going to feed the rabbits."
Thanks for the story and good luck on your honeymoon.
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
"She's just about to close up the library."
Upon arrival, the train was waiting for all passengers.
"And what's the matter with a thousand dollars?"
"I'll never get this speech right."
Watch your step!
"It was as if Carl realised that he was a puppet under someone else's control."
"Is this your wife's passport?"
The bench was long and strong.
"Don't make a government project out of this!"
Light up with the street with Johnson!
"They won't let me go!"
Towering buildings form the quintessential skyline.
I know how they feel.
She must have known Alex pretty well.
The whole thing seemed depressingly futile.
Hang on a second.
In another year, maybe I can help.
Traveling alone is good for meeting new people.
"Why haven't I known that?"
"That's all I want to know."
I am already imagining myself at a cafe somewhere far away, scribbling away and daydreaming about the past.
They begin creeping up on you, trying to sell you something.
"We're a different world."
"Who's the ten for?"
I thought you were asleep.
When did you get back?
Our mortgage is in arrears.
But would you mind telling me who goes out?
You have no children.
"I'd like to take a bath."
I could eat a horse.
There must be some way.
Is he really supposed to read that many books on philosophy?
I want to live again.
You mean here in the city?
The sun burned mercilessly from the sky.
"Let's call him up!"
"Nobody's going to rush me into anything!"
I hope this blog will be useful to newcomers and experts alike.
Firefox is probably the easiest to get started with, although I prefer Chrome.
"I'll go right after it."
The article would benefit from examples demonstrating the dataset weighting.
As you build on your grammars over time, you start to run into all kinds of problems.
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
"I'm proud of you."
With clenched fist, he hit the table.
All I want to do is be let alone.
"I knew if I were drowning you'd try to save me."
An LED was indicating the proximity detector was working properly.
A year and a half ago, Mozilla quietly started working on an open source, TensorFlow-based DeepSpeech implementation.
I got a lot on my mind.
"You're the guy I want to see."
I never had any such idea.
"Where's Ashley's wallet?"
We should segregate the participants by age.
Step right up here.
"I knew you'd wake up sooner or later!"
Epilepsy is a condition which sends the sufferer into uncontrollable convulsions.
See you in the funny papers.
"I've been all over town."
I want to get something out of it.
"I'm a sucker for it."
Sexuality is a mystery.
On top of all that, the weeds keep growing and the garbage has to be taken out.
It was flowering beautifully.
If the problem is a variable or function with multiple misrecognized words, add the whole phrase to your vocabulary.
Might just as well be.
I think I sprained my pride.
Did she ever go exploring?
The fumes from the traffic was unbearable.
To calibrate the motion capturing system, please do a T-pose.
We have that all figured out.
All I say is spit them out!
How about that check?
The tractor was bearing down hard.
She knows everything.
"Alison couldn't help but feel pride in her creation."
The pages of the book flipped upside down.
They are called private and public key.
"That isn't what I got married for."
The beer was more than just refreshing, it was delicious.
Turkey for Thanksgiving.
"'Under Construction' is simply translated to 'super fun playground'."
What about Higgins against Becca?
How do you suppose Ken got that gun?
This can arouse national interest!
Do you know that I threw it away?
Nick is wiping off the bar as they sit down.
I want to pay for my drink.
Send those other people in.
"The money's not here."
I got it back.
"It's often for the silliest little things, like clicking in the empty space within a webpage to change the keyboard context."
How are you doing?
You will need some rubber boots.
It was a very warm october.
"It's good to see you."
Four hundred and fifty dollars.
She had her cardigan on.
"I'm looking forward to having more stability in my position and being done with the whole process. "
"I'd like to have my robe."
Just give me a few hours before you make any decisions.
"That's what she said the last time."
What would you do if it was a daughter?
"And I'm going to build things."
Is that screwball Pit-Pat still around?
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
The patriotic veteran returned to the United States.
When will we grow out of fidget spinners?
Help my friend Mr. Richard.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work!
It was impossible to remember all the details that he covered in an hour.
The man who bought them last week was American.
It was aligned perfectly.
This Samantha Tommy movement costs you a fortune.
"I hope nobody finds out we've been here."
You got your watermelon.
St. Nicholas brought goodies and tangerines.
Even an ordinary man has more than one horse power, but gets tired quickly.
Just align your car orthogonal to the parking lot.
"Don't tell me what to do!"
"I've been nominated for membership in the National Geographic Society."
How does slacker Robbie feel about that?
The discrepancy between reader’s expectations created by the text and the real behaviour should be resolved.
The train pulled into the station.
What would it take to convince you to return my doormat?
And stop threatening that boy.
One of us is going to jail!
The space quickly filled with people.
The group from Belgium plans to go hiking on Wednesday.
If you roll out the pastry thin.
"And I'd like to have it!"
They were spaced out, in rows three feet apart.
The opening dilated and squeezed the amorphous entity out onto the floor.
There are grammars to use in Emacs and elsewhere.
"She's the one everybody sells things to."
"I'm not afraid to die."
Only we call them agents.
At different times of the week I have different motivations.
I hate sneakers but I am liking these shoes.
"Don't you like her?"
Today was the day their lives would change forever.
Think about that.
"She doesn't look happy."
The issue can be avoided entirely.
The smoker cleared his lungs of phlegm.
He deleted five tables from the database.
They went out of business years ago.
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
What do you know about that?
"A man doesn't get in a situation like this every day."
The alien gurgled and thrashed its tentacles.
Our guide told us stories of Scandinavian mythology in a Welsh accent.
"You can't talk to her like that though."
The percentage of carbon dioxide in the air reached an extraordinary level.
"Why can't you be serious?"
The building has been the home base of the illegal enterprise for decades.
Andreas placed the shell against his ear so he could hear the ocean.
"If you are a beginner and don't mind pausing after each command, you can stop reading now."
"I know you'll pay it back when you can."
Denmark is a pioneer of renewable wind energy.
"He don't seem like a guy that'd fall into line."
The space was spartan, almost bare.
With all of it?
I never saw that car before in my whole life.
She tied her shoelaces into a bow.
"They're closing in on you!"
"We don't have to give up our club."
"Don't you think I know where I live?"
Not only did he manage to do it, he did it professionally!
Have a good look.
This convention is a natural.
Get Katherine at the Bulletin on the phone!
You think you did.
I gotta figure some way out of this thing!
"It's a sacrifice we all ought to be glad to make."
Try it again.
"You'll wreck your raincoat."
Is it for further automatic processing?
I need one more.
"If you don't stop following me I'll call the police."
"Claire's cupboard was empty."
Want someone to take you home?
I tried to tell you right away but you started reminiscing.
You can go to the dispenser and squirt some lava.
"I'm going to need it."
"I haven't heard the baby complain yet."
"You don't have to apologize."
Who the heck is Johnny?!
That insane android continues to ignore me.
Turn up the volume.
How can I ever face him?
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
Darkness fell upon the four men as they lay in wait atop the mountain.
This cup is made of polystyrene.
I was the one up there doing the farting.
After playing tennis in virtual reality, he felt dizzy.
Snakes are so scary!
The terrorist group made their demand.
The Kyoto style coffee does not disappoint.
I don’t understand why you use the negative gradient.
"And don't pull that on me neither!"
You may not have a great deal of time.
I have never seen a Rothschild before.
Writing sentences that will be read by hundreds of people makes me feel so powerful!
He restarted his efforts for the twentieth time.
The girl wore an elegant dress.
The first concern is to patch the holes in the ship, then we can pump out the water.
There was no justification for it.
Sports, music, cooking and other topics are covered.
"I've just sworn in four hundred deputies."
"I'll show you what I'm doing."
It has a few basic functions to connect to the eye tracker, get position data, and activate the current gaze point.
"I won't ever tell a soul."
Maybe it was yesterday.
The last extension I rely on is Keyboard Shortcuts to Reorder Tabs.
"Melissa's phone kept vibrating uncontrollably."
Are you sure that Joe case is going on next week?
I feel I ought to take care of her.
The text implies that method handles scaling, rotation, and translation.
She lives in the park.
I have a warm feeling for my pair of dogwalkers.
"You have no idea what's happened to me."
Is she running a temperature?
Save that for the Tribune.
Better let me talk to him.
"There's just so much a body can do."
A mink coat and a diamond bracelet.
That was until the site was blocked.
When the carpet and the curtains caught fire, it was getting warm.
"Sure you don't want me to go in with you?"
"That's a sophisticated mechanical system!"
I would like to take a nice long break with no financial repercussions, but we all know that’s not going to happen.
I missed you and I couldn’t call you but I tried.
If I was at a party where there was drinking involved, I could call him and he would come pick me up and take me home.
"The USB device didn't function correctly."
"She'll be back in a second."
Let me see it!
"I don't think this theory explains why the particles attract each other this strongly."
The restaurant was quite expensive.
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
Could I please see you a minute?
"Note that the Emacs extension ""Ace jump mode"" works similarly to this."
The sinner had wrinkled hands.
Night after night Holly came back late from the office.
Close shot of the COLONEL.
"Tomorrow morning at ten o'clock."
I never noticed how tall Norwegian people are.
I could feel that they were hungry for something.
They rented a boat and went down the river.
The train lines provided an easy path to follow.
"We'll fix you up."
He could see tears in her eyes.
They jumped out of the window.
Toronto is a few miles away.
Is this the place?
"Use the tool that's needed for the job."
I need a drink.
I believe in you.
"What's up homies?"
Can I go now?
Two victims immediately need medical attention.
He was sitting next to the exit, facing the passengers.
Moist soil is good for the flora.
This sentence does not make any sense.
Be sure you spell the name right.
"I'm working across on a cattle boat."
Honest Ahmed did not convince the developers.
I want to look at my flower.
Why not right here?
It was unforgivable and unexplainable.
I taught them everything they do.
Evaluation should be extended to other datasets.
"James Watt didn't invent the steam engine, but he improved it significantly."
You can verify and re-record your own recordings before submitting them.
Somebody call the police!
That rap music with its loud electronic beats is called hip-hop.
Kids these days are the best.
"Harry'll tear his dinner suit."
Stop calling me that!
Her hair flowed down her back.
The idea is still good.
I just saw the Sheriff.
Is it a good job?
"You don't know Scott."
"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about!"
Katie screamed that they were going to lose.
The incantation was written in italics.
"You've got a nerve accusing people of things!"
"That's what killed him."
I found an online tutorial how to use Vulkan and OpenGL.
Christopher was confused.
It gives you the power to repeat commands in a single utterance, but leaves it up to you structure your grammar accordingly.
My laptop broke when I dropped it.
what can I do now?
She wants to send you on a lecture tour.
Monsters have enjoyed cookies for generations.
She recounting in immense detail the mean things another girl had said to her.
"I'll talk to you tonight."
Have you no idea who could have done it?
"And all's fair in love and war?"
"There's something funny going on around here."
His old Ferrari has been compacted to a small cube of metal at the junkyard.
I think the Firefox extension already does this, and I created one for Chrome, Tab Namer.
Tickets for the broadcast are all gone.
Her mixing console had an old-fashioned but still cool vinyl player.
Came back three days ago.
He gave me his word of honor.
Did you see his picture on the cover of Time?
I mostly used it for web browsing and occasionally writing emails.
They did something different to get there and you can learn from them.
Do you see this?
"Are you sure there's no mistake?"
The biology students had lots of homework to do until the next lecture.
We crumble the bowl with a rasp until only fractions are left.
A comet came within miles of the Earth, it almost obliterated the moon.
He went to the vending machine and bought a coffee.
A steel framed table separated one half of the room from the other.
The pink love heart keyring glowed.
Then we can go up to the falls.
The manufacturer recommends it.
"What's the matter?"
The Linux terminal refuses to make me a cup of coffee.
"Apparently, it's the dumplings that make this stew taste so good."
How much do you make a week?
She spoke Swedish, he spoke Spanish.
I own my own house.
"We'll just start by impounding the Post property."
Starting with his own.
"If you want a sandwich, don't hesitate grabbing one."
"You can't stop for a thing now!"
Steven touched himself on the back of his neck.
"Sometimes it's smarter to wait, while sometimes you should act."
You jump, I jump.
Mom took Grandma to the garden center to hear the Latin names of plants.
I just happened to be passing by.
Somebody should eat the mango, I guess it is me.
Has Melanie Scott been in the papers?
The interface was indecipherable.
Give it to me.
One minute to go!
I want you to take a good look at that face.
"I'll be right with you."
That is no longer a problem, indicating a major improvement.
The stained glass offered a hypnotic atmosphere.
"Glad he took the ""T"" out of that."
Will you help me?
The cover of the magazine showed a cute puppy.
She wants to be alone.
It was papa that sends you flowers every day.
"He still calls his mother 'mummy'."
Without the dataset, the article is useless.
"That's an intrinsic error."
"Couldn't want a better life and death."
"Jade's cordless drill has become faulty."
The wine collection is tremendous.
What did they have to eat?
There was a forest fire in Los Angeles.
Do you care if I sit down out here?
The fool flew all the way up here in a blizzard.
"They found a cactus in a passenger's luggage at the airport's security check."
That Tina thought it was funny!
Affirmative, a breaching charge is available.
"I won't say anything."
"Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive."
"I shouldn't think so."
"I tell you that it's no good."
It was a suicidal stunt.
When you start to eat like this something is the matter.
When you are ready for even faster browsing, check out my post on Custom web commands with WebDriver.
First I gotta tell her what news to get!
The multi-edit module is a good place to start.
The references are good in the very narrow area of histogram methods.
"There's a moon out tonight."
Maybe we can wait a little bit before changing the titles and the text everywhere else?
There was no respite to be had.
The clock was slightly askew.
"You're not going anywhere."
What did you say just a minute ago?
What were you doing in Boston?
"He's hardly my Mr. Doyle."
He has done so much ghostwriting that he starts to feel like a ghost, too.
These sausages are extremely tasty.
You can also execute sequences of commands, even waiting for particular elements to appear in the page.
"It's got to be somewhere."
The government decided to focus on border control because of the refugees.
And you know it.
Where are we going?
"Amy's a genius at research."
What a terrible thing to say.
The emergency team came quickly.
Her market website was the closest to being finished.
No baselines or comparison to state of the art is provided.
"I didn't do anything."
It was a surprise to me.
"What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?"
There were snickers from the background.
It was her manifest destiny to eat that chocolate bar.
I want to do what I want to do.
Did you want to see me?
Jupiter has a great red spot.
"But it's much harder when working with someone else's code or library."
See the Emacs lisp for this at the bottom of the post.
She gave them each a half to make them work together.
It was an oblong shape.
"The city's lights were stunning to behold."
Michael opened a browser and navigated to an anonymous search engine.
"I'll discuss the techniques I use to wrangle my grammars."
You should see it.
You know it is!
This is a Big Deal for hands-free coding.
Chris said that Lisa did it but I dont trust him.
Dragon is pretty frustrating, so you want to do everything you can to minimize that.
Celebrations rang out across the land.
Another hour to write it.
Then who are you?
The basketball bounced off his shield of titanium.
"His boss thinks he doesn't work enough."
What does he do all day?
"My name's Heather."
The article should discuss possible approaches to image registration.
"You've got to be at work in the morning."
Americans love to have a barbecue.
"They'll find me anyhow."
Then she got out through the skylight.
But he takes advantage of you.
The salesman was like the rest of them, untrustworthy.
"No-one knows what's behind this gate."
The shaking disturbed the rat nest.
Have you got any stocks?
"If you're serious about not using your hands, you can use an eye tracker to eliminate these last few cases."
Pink foam floated gently through the air, landing on the parked vehicles.
The President just decorated him.
Flaring torches were filling the dungeon with an ambient noise.
The one in there.
"I learned that at my grandma's knee."
The population was increasing exponentially.
Was the doctor here?
"We couldn't make it in a week!"
The railway station was locked up by the police.
Nobody knew who Malcolm was.
Of course, this only reduces the severity of the problem.
He managed to cure his RSI completely over several months, but he never stopped using his voice.
You bet I will!
"We'd better exchange keys."
The interesting part is writing your own to support a full-featured voice coding environment.
"I wouldn't take that too seriously."
I won a flower.
Sending a gunman to kidnap me!
I suppose I proposed to you.
"I'm not the first woman to die for preaching it."
"And my name's Michael."
The microphone put out a muffled signal.
"Of course you wouldn't know!"
"That's a lot of gold."
Get Martin out of jail!
"Peter's boyfriend just got a new job."
"They can't help themselves."
"Why don't you try Johns Hopkins in Baltimore?"
The police have kindly provided us with a list.
"Hurry up and we'll go out."
"She apparently didn't listen."
He never asked me to sit down in his life.
Are there any other questions?
"I'd like to join but nobody asked me."
But with each week I got faster and faster.
"How long since we've seen each other?"
She ought to be here any minute.
Might as well be living in a refrigerator.
What do I know about that?
"I ain't seen him for a week."
I have to admit that my horizon has expanded exponentially.
Survival of the casualties stays our top priority!
He was bisexual, I think.
"Oh, they're laughing at me."
"You don't rub the baby dry."
How much money do you get?
I needed immediate access.
"You don't have to go with me."
Is there anything wrong?
"Don't be an idiot!"
The sheep is the wolf of sheep.
Earlier this year, we found a really nice place near my office, and we moved in together.
A hedgehog was collecting brown leaves.
Teaching kids english with Common Voice is a win-win situation.
What would be her first payment on that policy?
Sounds legitimate.
And they found the watch on him.
"I'll do anything you say."
I wish they were rabbits.
"You won't know about all the stuff I tried and deleted."
It was a litmus test.
You got your sea legs yet?
What have you done with them?
I want my garden to be filled with roses, petunias and passion flowers.
My friend was getting married and asked me to be her maid of honor.
"You're not paid to be a canary."
"I use ""links"" for the former and I simply speak the number for the latter."
You don’t compare directly to existing state-of-the-art methods.
Start pounding that typewriter.
"What's the matter with Eleanor?"
"Please don't cry."
Luke, I am your sister!
Saul was infuriating the others.
She tried to stop the bleeding of her thighs with a tissue.
The referee decided on a free kick instead of a penalty kick.
Get your guns out.
The poem was great.
"You've put one administration out and another in."
"I'm getting them for twelve dollars a night."
Darren never saw a bottle till he was six months old.
The owner of the dwelling was not amused.
Am I talking too much?
Would you like to see where I was tattooed?
She was throwing snowballs at the sky.
"That's when he caught your cold."
Local solutions should be preferred to cloud solutions in many cases.
"Because we're panicky and he's not."
She could still be alive.
We can both hear.
Would you like to see my id?
I should have my head examined.
I took planks of birch wood and crafted a bookshelf.
"Why haven't you been to my funeral?"
They were hiding him.
Thanks for dropping around.
Did she ever marry the girl?
I beg of you not to do this thing.
The worst outcome is that the company refuses the offer.
At least she knows how to behave at funerals.
We better hold onto them both.
What do they want?
Who is it from?
"Dennis couldn't approach the monolith."
A drilling machine is used to fixate the ice hockey goal.
Before creating a new topic, please use the search function to find similar threads.
"I'm a professional software engineer, and I liked my job, but I also wanted to work on side projects."
"Navigating to Google isn't terribly exciting, so let's add something more useful."
"And a little charge of kidnapping I'm looking into."
My sisters aren’t telling me everything I need to know to get there.
"But don't you think he's just beautiful!"
Now I want to ask you fellows a couple of questions.
There was no justification provided.
The coffee had a very strong taste.
Out of the mouths of babes.
Well who have we here?
Licorice is a black chewy food.
She just called me.
"Don't talk too loud."
"You'd better start right now."
You will now retire to arrive at a verdict.
The police insisted on confiscating even the printer for forensic analysis.
"I'll hang it up."
Witnesses report two armed suspects and four hostages.
Made in Taiwan.
"They're forming Clubs."
Tell them to start getting those extras out.
You called that number not ten minutes ago!
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
I find this ferry boring.
The corset constricted her waist.
It was about you.
"You don't have to wait till January."
Our best bet is that this animal is only active at night.
But that left me without any honest means of support.
What we need is fireworks.
Or do you think it would spoil him?
Maggie and Uncle Kenny sold war bonds.
The sun shines so brightly.
Communism is the opposite of capitalism.
"It's lucky you got away from her."
"Oh, come on, don't be greedy with the Jolly Ranchers."
"I haven't played around with that yet, but I'd love to hear if you have in the comments."
A thunderstorm was raging outside and they all got a cold.
First you got to sign a receipt.
Which one are you?
The women took turns building a tall stable pile of rocks.
Which view would you like?
Scanning a QR code is trivial and requires absolutely no skill.
Having a nervous breakdown.
"I'm going to tell your mother on you."
But all she really ever wanted was a home.
And you can meet us at the station.
Christmas is a lot like Easter.
And something else changed, I started having fun!
"Thank heaven you're here!"
Bob lifted the dusty scroll.
"I'm just your little rent collector."
"You sure nothing's missing?"
"I didn't even ask him."
Can you imagine that?
Who is your favourite author?
"Why don't you have your friends join us?"
This biscuit is yummy.
Is that the contract?
"For voice coding purposes, you'll want to familiarize yourself with the multiedit module."
Some people make the same mistakes over and over again.
The beach looked so beautifully.
I wandered lonely as a cloud.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
"The old lady didn't mince her words."
"Sam's crazy about Mick."
"I'm afraid the joke's on us."
"She's going to lose her mind when she finds out."
Many people are traumatized after this sailing accident and need intensive care.
Does this belong to you?
Good luck to you.
My biggest complaint at this point remains the error when looking towards the sides of my screen.
What do you want done with them tomorrow morning?
I also use a few more commands for quick movement to frequently visited places.
"You can't do that to me!"
"Don't you see what a wonderful thing this can be?"
Why did we have to have all these kids?
"Just the way yours do when you're happy."
"My friend said: ""I love you."
His dessert smelled musty, not sweet.
"I'm OK if you're OK about it."
"Do you know what you're going to do?"
"Think I'd better be going."
This website needs more interactive elements.
Do you think Steven would have let you keep it?
I think it is.
"I didn't see any point."
The snow blasted along the side of the bridge.
Artificial neural networks can do something very similar.
Just step on it.
What was the reason for the increase?
"What's your first name?"
Have you got a mirror?
Get the riot gear!
Wisdom is knowledge used for good.
Rachid said he likes pineapple for breakfast.
I had that five thousand bucks sewed up!
What could be more American!
Can I help you?
"Currently, Mozilla's implementation requires that users train their own speech models."
Emma tapped her nails on her mobile phone.
To make it even faster, I only allow one-syllable numbers to be used in labels.
A couple years later I watched a great talk by Tavis Rudd, Using Python to Code by Voice.
About three years ago, I set up Dragon Naturally Speaking on my home computer.
The porcupine scurried home.
Says for us to go the limit.
"Who's this guy she's gonna marry?"
The existence of gravitational waves had long been predicted.
"I wonder if Ernie's still here with his taxicab?"
Last week, I went hiking in the mountains.
Everything vintage you can imagine that can fit into a small space is there.
"And that's another thing."
I said good night.
"I'm glad you gentlemen are here."
You are the best.
The reason for this, is to discern your strengths.
Our new AI can dynamically adapt the balance of the gameplay.
It was immediately apparent.
By letting me help you.
He nodded and said nothing.
Where you got him?
"I'm going to count three."
Two cents worth of shoelaces?
John Catherine topped them all.
"You can't get her on the phone."
Your wife was wanted by the University of Florida.
I can see what happens backstage through this aperture!
"It's a good thing I got here in time."
The future has never been so bright than today.
"It's unpolite to ask a tree for its story unless you are ready to hear it in full length."
Taking the ferry was a wise choice.
No wonder you jumped in the river.
Go through with what?
Can you remember anything at all?
"I hope it doesn't plunge Jillian into bankruptcy."
"I avoid this entirely, but I don't force the commands to be in a separate utterance."
You mean the one who drank so much?
This ballad is so catchy, I love it!
He opened the package, and tucked into a sandwich.
"And I'm the biggest of the lot."
Where do you live?
"Don't get technical at a time like this."
But coding without a mouse or a keyboard?
"I don't know who anybody is any more!"
I just got an e-mail from my crush!
"Did you know there's a swimming pool under this floor?"
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
She has to do something about it.
Why do they need gin?
"Sorry but I'm allergic to that."
"I'm also hoping to hear from others, so please post your own ideas in the comments and tell me what I could do better!"
"Unfortunately, I haven't found a way to seamlessly integrate this into my vocabulary."
Please give me my robe.
Would you like a stamp?
He placed the DVD into the player.
"I've been at it for over two years and I'm still discovering new ideas."
Where she used to live.
One must prepare for it.
Give them a little third degree.
I haven’t seen her in ages, and I hope she remembers me still!
I still say that this John Doe person is a myth.
We all agree on a peaceful solution.
"Who's got the room next to hers?"
Sometimes I just want to relax, sometimes I want to take care of business.
The experience in the coffin was literally immersive.
"Kenneth reacted badly to the steroids, he's under observation for the next hour."
Tell them all to wait.
"That's why I'm quitting."
Look at it today.
She felt like a weakling in comparison to her newborn daughter.
Suddenly, there is so much more time in a day because she no longer has to spend hours commuting.
"Promise you'll never lie the way Snoopy did."
Giraffes are vegetarians.
Have you ever tried?
"I don't see him."
I find the need for biometric identification from palm images taken by infrared handheld camera questionable.
"In that case I'll ask the two executive officers to withdraw."
Most people there take it out pretty early in life.
Who do you think?
"Now what's the story?"
"That's rather big talk!"
The aerodynamic shape of whales is nifty.
Where have you been for so long?
I really did it quite brilliantly.
Just look and see what you did.
Are you sure this is Claire.
You could have married anybody else in town.
"They're recognizing Great Britain."
"You mean you don't approve of my having a baby?"
"I don't need any help!"
The trade union was negotiating higher loans with the other stakeholders.
"And you won't know how I actually use all the commands in combination."
For the best part of its life, the table has been standing in the basement.
My phone is in my back pocket.
"We've passed her up right along."
Two women were still missing when the firefighters arrived.
What did you say?
An attempt to ruin us!
Each snowflake is as unique as a grain of sand.
What do you know about Miranda?
I thought you were chasing me?
"Somebody's driving this cab."
Just finished working.
Must have been that jump in the cold water.
My hamster turned my homework into bedding.
Greece is the country where democracy was invented.
A whiskey is the perfect end to my day.
"We're looking at it right now."
"I shouldn't have done that."
He voyaged on a ship called Beagle.
She has been burning the candle at both ends trying to finish this paper.
"I'll tell you why they did it."
Taking part in road traffic is potentially dangerous after donating blood.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
The church is right next to the gas station.
Not even a stick of gum.
And so forth and so forth.
Let them come in.
"You can be sure that they aren't when someone tells you they are wise."
The summer is almost over.
There are countless possibilities of arranging pieces on a board of chess.
"We'll save them for seed."
Thailand turned out to be a very satisfying holiday.
I need four hundred and fifty dollars in counterfeit money.
Monkeys smile when they are scared.
"There's nothing wrong with the books."
"That's where things get interesting."
What difference does it make what time it is?
She looks so gorgeous today.
A lot of money.
Jane spoke emphatically.
Firewalls can be used to protect a network against intruders.
How do you feel?
Last time I was in Australia Anne was in diapers.
I never said any such thing.
"It's Candice now on long distance from Washington!"
"I'll get it for you."
I have also experimented with a fancier solution to this problem.
GMO are ruining our crops.
"I bet it's a going away present."
Thanks to our augmented reality glasses, we gain insight to the details.
It was after they got back from fishing.
The road is blocked.
It is the most valuable stamp in the world.
"I can explain if you'll just listen."
This is a resource-intensive process that requires expensive closed-source speech data to get a good model.
All the wealth comes from the pockets.
Boys and girls and music.
I may have overslept.
Linus is known for his clear and explicit language.
"Albert didn't have a brother."
For some reason I just love bees.
"I'm so hungry I could faint."
Feller runs the February months.
Carbon dioxide is causing global warming.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
"I've got to get Katie out of jail!"
He drew on the back of his jacket with a blue fountain pen.
I remember Grandpa Paul looking through it.
Is this the right one to choose?
With a bag of marshmallows.
"It's the only answer."
Casper predicted the outcome.
The waitress was carrying an impressive amount of dinnerware, but then an earthquake occurred and she dropped it all.
"They all complain they're practically working for the Government."
You skinned him alive.
"I'm getting out of here and you can't stop me!"
"I'll be right back."
The houses were squashed together like sardines.
Everything looked diffuse after she took the narcotic.
Many people are not able to use their first language correctly.
Shall we tell her what she looks like?
"Haven't you even started?"
Coming down the block is the biggest steamroller I have ever seen.
Come on with that money!
I told you Baldwin was in trouble.
Scientific work is hard.
"You know I'd tell you if I had it."
Just things like that.
A ghostly figure appeared.
Any decent editor can show you line numbers and let you jump to a specific line.
"He's on the telephone."
Perhaps she met somebody.
There must be some mistake.
"Please don't be lazy."
"Don't worry about him, he'll be fine."
I was put to shame.
Spain is producing lots of lettuce, paprika and tomatoes.
"Only it'll be a lot easier with you."
I am father now, can you believe it?
"I don't know what she's talking about."
Listen to the woman!
They inspected the menu at the restaurant.
The package manager cannot resolve circular dependencies.
"I know what it's going to be like."
One approach to movement is to search within the file, for example using Emacs incremental search.
Our secondary goal is to reconstruct what happened.
"Let's break the problem down."
The phone rang while she was awake.
She gave me back the charger.
If I only could call my mom.
Wait till Martha hears about this.
I was wondering if you would work on this project with me because I can’t find anyone else.
"They'll believe him."
"She doesn't have the money."
"That's what I'd like to know!"
Get a tray for these great big important leaders.
See if you can get us seats near the umbrellas.
"Even the guard rail couldn't stop the truck from falling off the bridge."
Are you sure Erik has our telephone number?
"You're a newspaper man."
Portals are used in many computer games to instantly travel from one place to another.
"That wasn't at all necessary."
How do I feel?
Finally, install Dragonfly, a cleaner Python interface to NatLink.
When he kissed her cheek, she suddenly blushed, changing her color faster than a chameleon.
"I guess I'm not quite the football type."
The big Charleston contest.
"It'll do you no good."
This company has turned out to be a great success, despite doubts in earlier years.
Shall I put a little rum in the coffee?
The baby definitely has the sniffles.
Will you put that thing away!
He was not able to find words for his feelings.
Just you and I.
"I'm afraid she'd feel ashamed to think she hadn't trusted you."
"It won't hurt you and we can make the City Edition."
The handle snagged my coat.
Yes, that IS the coat I want to wear.
I never even noticed she had one.
"He's always making a speech."
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
The Irish man sipped his tea.
"But I'm not through complaining yet."
"Sometimes I get so mad at you I can't see straight."
"I haven't any watch."
"I didn't see anything."
Carol hid inside the shipping container.
The trees swayed uniformly in the breeze.
She is a neighbour, and sometimes we meet in the elevator.
She lay in bed, staring at her phone.
Foot pedals are another alternative to voice commands.
The horse galloped uncontrollably.
What were you when you came here five years ago?
A good example of a dinosaur is the Pterodactyl.
How do you know?
"You can try using an eye tracker to accomplish this, but the precision isn't quite high enough."
Do you understand that?
Christmas Eve at midnight?
"We're going to take her over to my private office."
Uncanny clowns were emplaced in the labyrinth.
"You can't stay here."
If you know the time why do you ask me?
I would bury it in the garden.
The parameters are selected on the test set.
The spy infiltrated the interior through a vent and sneaked to the retina scanner.
What day is it?
You get out of here quick.
Watch out, blues ahead!
"I didn't find the blow-dryer, so I just used the vacuum-cleaner."
A poor little fellow that never meant nobody no harm!
Some of the presented conclusions are not supported by the reported results.
His grandfather was a snake.
Being surrounded by so many people made him feel uncomfortable.
"You're a smart young woman."
Most importantly, I structure my grammar so that I can dictate continuously.
This building has an elevator which is necessary for wheelchairs.
“It’s time,” said his father, and he was right.
Then go ahead and bind these functions to voice commands and try them out.
"But she'll be there."
Did you finish the interview?
Drop the whole business quickly.
She joined up too.
The twelve dollars includes everything.
"Let's meet tomorrow."
The dictator was radical in his ideology.
Finally, as promised, here is my code for jumping within a line.
This is an extremely complicated process.
The file had a size of multiple gigabytes.
This works well if you need to jump somewhere offscreen.
The silicon sealant has dried.
Voice Code is much more powerful out-of-the-box, but is also harder to extend and more restrictive.
I also use standard port forwarding when I want to expose servers running on my Linux machine.
"It's no miracle because I see it happen once every year."
There was a shimmering green light emanating from the statue.
"What's the matter with you two guys?"
I have pondered about the issue a bit and arrived at the conclusion that it is non-trivial.
The prepackaged binaries are several years out of date, so I recommend cloning their git repository.
Vicky wanted to not make a spectacle of herself.
Any minute now we could be assassinated!
Tear down all the fences.
Our religion dictates our actions.
We have recovered most of the deleted files, but some are still being processed.
The check will be certified.
"Not unless we're blind."
Know what my old man did when I joined up?
Salim moved from India to the Netherlands.
It would be ideal if the WiFi were gratis.
An appeal to John Doe.
There is not even the possibility of doing that.
What about the blue one?
"I'll bring the kids in the car."
"They'd never let you go!"
The walls were covered with a thick paste.
He was even faster using both voice and keyboard than keyboard alone.
You need to see this.
Shall I announce you?
He felt unsafe like during his first lesson in driving school.
"But don't let him interrupt you."
The structure chattered throughout the earthquake.
Who gets your vote?
"It's the only name I've got."
"She'll be waiting for you in Albany."
Just hurry up and get here.
Have you notified the police?
Especially with an election coming up in a few days.
This ethical question is referred to as the trolley problem.
You call this a happy family?
There goes another scrub lady.
This is no time to give up!
You forgot to pack it.
"Don't you understand French?"
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
Angela wanted to copy everything he had done.
"We've got to get this desk out of here."
His last words were never heard.
I love that old house.
Of course, this is just the start of what you can do.
I told you to have the ice box fixed.
You know where they are?
"I'm beginning to realize that."
"I don't know where to go."
I hope some of the lines make you smile.
The thirteenth of march is meant to be unlucky.
Have you seen him yet?
Most cars have air conditioning these days.
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
All the best.
Coding without a mouse?
Wrestling, boxing and karate are well-known examples for martial arts.
I beg your pardon?
"I didn't know whose it was."
"You'd better get dressed!"
"I've never seen her before."
"That's a swell bracelet you're wearing."
The computer artist waited for the latest image to render.
Guards are patrolling around the perimeter of the base.
Give me precise instructions how to decontaminate the trooper.
I told you to practice.
"I wouldn't be a bit surprised."
Do you know what an engagement ring is?
The Building and what?
I highly recommend starting with this approach, since it gives you many of the niceties of a Linux environment.
"She'll be all right."
"He forgets the office when he's with me."
I would argue that much better global and local contrast enhancement methods exist.
The heuristic function is just an estimate of the lag.
The Morning Post just turned Shelly Eric over to the Sheriff.
How was that for a tight squeeze?
"I'm not good enough to make this one up."
When the line is long, I use a different strategy where I name the character at the beginning or end.
"I'm the answer to your prayer."
The train is probably the best way to get there.
"You could save that poor devil's life."
"I didn't tell anybody."
"Who's that with the hat?"
I wonder what Molly put in those tacos?
"Here's some cigars the boss sent up."
The European Union has often been criticized for their regulations.
They were racing down the streets with no regard for anyone.
"The Navy's going to fly father home this afternoon."
Of course, the most important question is whether it actually works better than the old eye tracker.
Leanne joined a choir so everyone could hear her sublime singing voice.
I came over with Johnny.
Please do not feed the ducks!
"He's out duckshooting now."
Six thousand people have been infected since the outbreak of the virus.
Yeah, you could have said so!
"I've been very busy the last few weeks."
The final component of my setup is to use Putty for SSH port tunneling.
The children were almost tyrannical.
"I guess I've seen everything now."
Most algorithms are not very sensitive to the type of normalization used.
Wear the blue one.
People are going off relief!
But you were a little girl.
The pilots braced themselves for impact.
The proposed approach provides state-of-the-art results at very low computational cost.
"And don't forget to make him wear his raincoat in London."
Why should it be awkward?
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
"I'd better see what he's up to."
Come into the office a minute.
"You'd better get your friends."
But the key advantage we can exploit is that you generally want to jump to the boundaries of symbols and words.
Has Aunt Stephanie come in yet?
Thousands of years ago, this town was the center of an ancient civilisation.
Enemy spotted!
Mr. Brad cables you need cash.
Stepping out of a car that has been hit by lighting is life threatening.
How am I going to live until the bank opens?
Say hello to New York for me.
I should say not!
You know what I mean?
No wonder this vanilla yogurt tastes disgusting: Its eat-by date was last year.
I understand that it is your dataset, and that it is new.
"I'll take mine now."
I do want that platinum ring!
"You can't say that about my father!"
"I'll take that bet."
"You'll get into a worse one if you don't."
"How they managed to improvise at such short notice, she'll never know."
That rollercoaster was insane!
Let me speak to her.
Another run on the bank?
"I've been trying to figure it out."
"She can't wait to be able to dance like grandma!"
The chair lift took them up the mountain.
This text aims to include a diverse set of vocabulary.
"Don't let anybody in or out."
"The oxygen's only to help him till the doctor gets here."
"After the dictator's rule of fourty three years was over, the country was devastated."
Rated M for mature.
That sounds like their problem.
Watch over her tonight.
Joanne ought to be back by now.
"The servers of the common voice project couldn't handle the heavy load."
Every image processing software contains automatic contrast and color enhancement.
"That doesn't say much for mine."
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
Now listen to me.
Keep your shirt on.
The engines roared as the rocket lifted its precious cargo up into the atmosphere.
"The telephone didn't work without electricity."
My girlfriend slept under a tree this morning.
We took all the chances.
"I second Mr. Potter's motion."
"The actor's authentic facial expression was convincing the jury."
Turn off the tv immediately!
"I could just publish my code, but that wouldn't reveal all the little lessons I learned along the way."
"Nobody'd ever tell you whoever it was because they'd be scared."
"Something's the matter with the baby!"
"Where'd you get this?"
I use Arch Linux by the way.
On the brink of the fourteenth century, nobody had mobile phones.
I was never so tired in my life.
A touch of colic.
This carpet is full of lice.
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
Then he may be caught on a ledge!
"Everything's getting cold and you know we've been waiting for you."
"With this kind of organization, I find it's much easier to prioritize within a category."
"I haven't any hard feelings."
Have a good trip?
Did you get it?
Have you got my dough?
"Mr. Lee can't be bothered now."
She may be lost.
"I'll keep you in mind."
They showed me at the hospital.
"You can't trust anybody in this crazy world."
The frog climbed the tower.
Charles Darwin became famous for his evolutionary theory.
"You're doing a great job so far."
"But you can't do that!"
There is a dentist and some other doctors inside this clinic.
And that other honeymoon in a coal mine!
Everyone has once heard of the chicken-egg-problem.
Berlin can be so lovely this time of year.
My password has been changed without permission.
She said Linda did it!
And he came down after the game with a contract.
How do you think I got here?
Richard, how are you going to achieve this?
He tried with all his strength to wrench open the door in a panic.
I thought you were gone.
For this entire evening, you have been staring at that waitress!
They always do that.
Divers found a dead person in the lake.
Philosophy is my favorite subject.
But we can start clean now.
"What if you can't stand him?"
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
"I'll get the tickets."
You liked the platinum one with the diamonds.
"We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything."
"And I'm sorry to say that the congestion is increasing."
Hold on a minute.
We were in the same outfit.
Sheets, blankets, and clothes were strewn across the room.
Are you enjoying London?
"I wouldn't want to use that tub."
"But I didn't kill anybody."
There was a fluctuation in the water pressure that fed the whale tank.
Maybe tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
"I'll stop him cold."
"I'll dig up that five thousand somehow."
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
"You can't bribe me."
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
Well I should think it was sudden!
The article introduces a very fast, small, and shallow feed-forward network which is trained end-to-end.
"Kate Frank's a baker!"
And so will you.
What the devil do you want?
"Theresa couldn't feel any more dumb right now."
It took him a while to get to the office.
Below is a letter which reached my desk this morning.
If we can navigate to each of these quickly, we can jump to anywhere quickly.
The Londoners regretted visiting this awful place.
Debian is an operating system which is free as in freedom.
Was it raining last night?
"That's what I did before I married Charles."
How dare you say a thing like that?
"Don't argue with me here."
Her walls were covered with dark and scary sketches.
Jitterbugs JOHN and the COLONEL.
You guys at Mozilla should really include every letter of the alphabet into this.
The view had better be worth it.
"The hardware store clerk proclaimed, ""Let us have lights!"""
Who engineered this getaway?
Jeans are the only kind of trousers I have in my wardrobe.
Her eyes lit up as soon as she saw him enter the room.
"Dee's house right now?"
The ideas should be presented in a more concise and direct manner.
"Haven't you got a bullet I can bite?"
The toad spit a caustic slime at the bees.
"A part of me is also trying to come to terms with the fact that I won't be able to travel as much anymore."
Hang on for a second.
I can smell it.
If you want something you gotta go get it.
the light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
"I think perhaps I'd better go to bed."
Tortoises are reptiles, not amphibians.
The visual acuity is astonishing.
The raw API is extremely complicated for our needs, so I wrote a simple wrapper DLL.
Somebody threw him off a train.
She used her microscope to inspect it.
Get me Walter Burns.
Plastic surgery has become more popular.
I want my baby to look like you.
It was the devil!
"I'm not supposed to tell."
"I didn't have time to get some stylish underwear."
"What I realized a few months ago is that I don't have to."
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
"She looks as though she's going to come to."
That this house may never know hunger.
The fact that you can write equations the way you do does not mean you should to it.
The one we pick has gotta be the typical average person.
Benjamin was snacking on strips of bacon.
"You can't go in there until you put this on."
It always gets me right here.
According to the recipe, we need mild mustard.
The locals had the advantage of knowing the secure path through the marsh.
"Let's see the money."
Who would have thought that?
He only lost three buttons off his vest.
Can you imagine bumping into a load of cops?
"Don't be more catholic than the pope."
In Saudi Arabia water is more expensive than oil.
The vendors on the waterfront also have a great view of the East River.
"If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again."
"We're coming to a new order of things."
"He's been crying for five minutes."
"The eye tracker accuracy isn't always perfect."
There was a rough patch of skin.
"I don't want a better one later."
Instead of having to stop and start after every keyword or symbol.
Bus-only lanes are debated controversially.
"Something's gone wrong with the loudspeaker."
"Certainly I'm sure I'm comfortable!"
And if it is?
"It's only a few words mumbled over you by a judge."
Tap on the circle to escape.
The big guy there!
Take hold of the cover.
Zombies were parading in the streets and drinking beer from paper cups.
Our earth is geologically active, while other planets in the solar system are not.
What have you done with my keys?
The Christian preacher looked up to the heavens while praising his lord.
Everyone is just standing by the building, waiting to get in.
His nutrition consisted almost entirely of cereals.
This is what I wished for.
I need some time to think.
"""That circus acrobat must have a well-trained vestibular system"", the spectator thought."
"My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet."
They all met during office hours.
That man is terrific!
It is rare that I get to sit down and write during the day.
Thirty every Thursday, sixty at sixty, who knows what!
The requirements are rather high for this job.
"Looks like she can keep Kathy's on her toes."
You fight it cut.
Do I knock or something?
It could prove fatal for them as well as yourself.
May I go in and see him?
I am in a good mood right now.
Did you want to see her about something important?
This has been growing like wildfire!
So what does he do?
Mind the gap.
Will you come here?
"C'mon over and join our party."
It’s time to save the internet — again
Did you bring the Christmas wreath?
We sharpened our wits at university so we could handle this crisis.
The jar lid was too tight to unscrew.
How many people do you think will be there?
Improving the public transport system would help avoid traffic jams.
I felt a chill down my spine.
Going up to see Erin.
Please never throw salami pizza away.
Not related to coding, but hands-free coders need to have some fun too.
After passing her final exam she will have a bachelor of science degree in chemistry.
The bootloader shows a dialog prompting to enter the passphrase.
This wedge prevents the trailer from rolling down the slope in case of brake failure.
You will spend that hour getting acquainted with Marshall Bailey.
He decanted the wine and began to recount the disturbing story he had been told.
Have you seen Sheriff Pink?
"I'm going to miss Annie."
This gives you commands to start with and a nice framework for repeating commands quickly.
How are the weights computed?
"Didn't you read it?"
How are you?
Why does the ice cream truck keep playing such a sad song “send in the clowns”?
"Now how'd you know that?"
Unlike VoiceCode, which is a complete solution, Dragonfly is just an improved Python API to Dragon.
Her best gesture of sympathy was a handwritten note.
Better abort it before you get tangled up!
I want them both arrested.
"I've stuck it back together."
Four hundred and fifty dollars?
This fireplace is victorian.
"I thought I'd give the kids a treat."
The football jocks laughed viciously.
Formatting of tables should be improved.
I told you homeboy, smuggling is being prosecuted.
"He says it's the chance of a lifetime."
The scalpel incision was clean and straight.
"It's in all the afternoon papers."
How could he be a fake?
Some scientists believe the origin of this oscillating signal to be a neutron star.
"You're lying to me."
"If he hasn't he certainly has a telephone book."
My mother is the best cook in the world!
I saw him get it.
His internet connection was too slow.
"How do you know what they're doing?"
"It's even higher than this."
"That's the kind of stuff they want."
I had that right here.
But no one actually saw her die.
"Let's start with jumping to a particular line."
Her school’s WiFi has a ridiculous amount of websites that are blocked.
"You're losing your eye."
"You're on the Board here."
He asked for him.
He just took over the bank.
The Morning Post is not obstructing justice or hiding criminals.
Sentences are built of nouns, verbs and sometimes adjectives.
This definitely works well.
This wimble is hardened with vanadium.
The ashtray was empty.
Richard has gone camping by himself.
"You're through deciding anything!"
He decided to boycott games with digital restriction management in the future.
Listen to that mob.
Right on the second floor there.
This behavior of neural networks is sometimes called dreaming.
They were all furious when the escapade failed.
"This man's going to jump as a matter of principle."
"Don't hurt my sore arm again."
All of the resources were used up.
"But I'm liable to get into a jam."
"""I will find you."", she promised the little girl."
The sunset sometimes turns the sky red.
"Her Honor won't say anything."
How do you like it?
And when they do I get mad.
"Did you write it or didn't you?"
As a workaround, we could use application specific profiles.
"That's what she did to me."
"I can't do that."
You been in a fight?
"That's when he'll be safe and not a minute before."
Clinical studies of the new vaccine are still outstanding.
Will you get out and let me handle this?
Onion routing is a technique of using cascades of proxies for the purpose of anonymisation.
High voltage!
He preferred to sit down and wait.
"I'm going home and see my wife and family."
"Before he gets through tonight he'll ruin us all!"
Listen to the solo of the e-guitar!
I also recommend binding the shortcuts that let you quickly open a bookmark.
The purple socket is for connecting the antenna to the receiver.
"There's a copy on my desk."
How much do you need?
Everyone wants to buy pumpkins for Halloween.
"We've been taken for a lot of suckers!"
"Hasn't your sister asked you that?"
Someplace you could have put it?
While English is the standard language spoken in his country, the United States of America has no official language.
"Nostalgia isn't what it used to be."
But I—I had no idea what was going on.
Volleyball is almost equally popular in both genders.
HEADS POPPING BACK BEHIND DOORS.
Agriculture was a very important achievement in human history.
Raisins are delicious.
"Don't give us that ethics stuff."
My allergy has gotten much worse today.
"I don't want to take any chances."
"And don't forget these."
"I've got nobody else to leave it to."
He fondled his bright orange beard.
I have a lunch date.
"Didn't you tell her?"
How old are you anyway?
Suppose there was a Shane York and he walked into this office.
Admittedly, that is the most expensive coffee I’ve tasted.
Get a load of this.
The experiments are unconvincing.
